the assets of marble faun publishing company suffered last quarter when one of their main local distributors went out of business.
lndie film director luke steele will be in london for the premiere of his new movie.
laboratory employees are expected to wear a name tag and carry identification at all times.
the latest training guide contains tips on teaching a second language to international students:
once you have your resume with references and qualifications , please submit it to the human resources department on the 3rd floor.
ursa major corp. has recently negotiated a deal with a russian competitor in surveying the kamchatka peninsula.
ms. cho relayed her concerns about the company's financial situation while she was having a meeting with the manager.
whether it is necessary to register for a student discount card depends on the needs of the individual.
even experienced clerks are encouraged to attend training sessions to keep them updated on new ideas in the world of banking.
workers are advised not to operate certain machines by themselves .
. the construction of a discount department store was delayed by the protests of several members of the community.
ms. maria perreira is largely responsible for some of our company's most successful marketing campaigns.
mr. singh requested estimates from several catering companies before making his decision.
our apartment building's occupancy increased due to the efforts of our knowledgeable and friendly rental agent, ms. gova.
those employees wishing to change departments within the company may send their inquiries to mr. alvarez.
the new economic quarterly criticized the quality of all new products produced by yun sung industrial co., ltd.
one of the leading international research facilities in botany is located at the hoskin museum of natural history.
in order to ensure customer safety, the government has instituted a new set of guidelines for pharmaceutical companies.
welton textiles inc. made a net profit of $ million, allowing it to fund its expansion across the continent.
our ambitious production goals will be directed by a skilled team of qualified managers.
prattchet co. has increasingly turned to making most of its products from recycled materials.
maintaining our financial goals for this year may require cutting back on some overhead costs.
heidelberg publishing co. offers employees with performance bonuses to encourage success.
an anniversary dinner was held exclusively for high-ranking officials in the corporation.
when contacting our human resources department by phone, please include your contact information.
because of the added guests from our allied financial firm, a more spacious meeting room had to be used than usual.
ms. richards has been an exceptionally energetic member of the marketing team, providing billingsgate enterprises with great service for nine years.
despite his falling out with his former employer, mr. lee still meets with some of his old co-workers from time to time.
the chief financial officer of waterhouse inc. is expressing appreciation concerning his predecessor's informative advice.
since opening last year, savannah safari park quickly became one of the leading recreational spots in the region.
. ms. gamble, who was an influential literary critic in the s, is now a contributing writer to the national gazette newspaper.
remember to list fixed expenses separately from variable expenses.
the loss of our foreign manufacturing plants may be a probable outcome of the new plans being implemented.
new government regulations concerning the chemicals in cleaning solutions mean that the solvents must be as environmentally safe as possible.
ms. stanhope always tries to consult her colleagues on the budget.
rosalind media ltd. came up with the idea to hire artists to create original artworks for the purpose of marketing.
the ceo of lawrence united co. is still uncertain about opening company branches in mexico.
the intention of mr. alex hartham was to initiate a merger with culford international.
the staff lounge is near the meeting room, across the hall from the computer lab.
the manager granted mr. karnes a promotion because of his successful handling of the company's accounting for the past two years.
the awards ceremony will begin at approximately 6:00 this evening, at which time winners are requested to be present to receive their awards.
for defective merchandise, we will gladly replace the product or give you a full refund.
at the same time, the company also won a two-million-dollar contract for maintenance of the trains for the next seven years.
we are planning to implement a revised paper-recycling program for all branch offices effective next month.
mr. ken o'hara, chief executive of esb, after more than 40 years service with the company, has announced his decision to retire in july .
dieting during pregnancy is never recommended , as it can limit the nutrition available to the baby.
open society institute has generously offered to sponsor a number of participants from developing countries for attendance at the oa workshop.
if you would like a demonstration of the new product, just ask the bkm staff at the booth.
the sales manager has been asked to lead a discussion of the asian market's future outlook during the board meeting tonight at 7 p.m.
ndrc is the national authority that is in charge of setting guidance tariffs that are subsequently implemented by the local authorities.
while the ceo was giving a speech to the newly hired employees at the training session, a secretary took a picture of him.
the company had begun working on the project for the main office even before it chose the land to build on.
reservations are made on a first-come, first-served basis and are subject to room availability.
we expect our sales to rise sharply to around $ million over the next 24 months.
ruth akorful is a baker and has been managing her own business for several years.
the leighton group is a service-based organization and our success is dependent on the quality of the service we offer.
after months of negotiations , we are pleased to announce that the company and your union have reached an agreement that resolves 9 out of 1opending grievances.
michael, the former ceo of the company, is looking forward to seeing many friends and acquaintances at next year's show in august.
the building built by emaar properties was originally scheduled to be completed at the end of this year but the target date has been changed due to revisions in the building's design.
following the visit to your production facility in hong kong next week, we will create a comprehensive factory automation program to meet your company's needs.
either the marketing director or the sales manager will represent centum construction inc. at the bexco architecture conference.
your new coffee machine comes with detailed instructions which will help you use it more effectively.
since she joined our company three years ago, mrs. mashimo has greatly expanded our customer base.
neobucks has more than 3, stores in the united states and 25 other countries, and its logo is universally recognizable.
if you would like to comment on a recent experience with us, please complete a customer satisfaction survey before leaving your room.
as space is limited, be sure to contact bill in the personnel department a minimum of three days in advance to register for a workshop.
as a manager, you are also responsible for maintaining a work environment that is comfortable and ergonomically safe.
the tree-lined trails and steep slopes make whistler mountain a dangerous place to ride, even for experienced cyclists.
many people prefer to shop at the bay department store as it offers a lifetime warranty on all purchases.
in an unprecedented act of generosity, patty dedominic, the founder of dedominic & associates, pledged a $1-million donation that will help local charities.
satyam computer services ltd. has extended the deadline for submitting applications for the marketing manager position to april 13th.
if mechanical problems occur at the time of your scheduled trip, alternatives will be discussed with you whether to reschedule the trip for a later time.
all work will be discussed in detail before a written estimate is given to any client.
we have collaborated with community groups and business partners to support local economic development projects.
all sales representatives should know detailed information about the product they are selling and be able to answer any questions.
mountain equipment co-op. has deeply discounted their winter items to make room for the new spring merchandise.
while in a foreign country, it would be wise to take only what you will absolutely need during the day and leave anything else in the safe in your hotel room.
at the annual stockholders' meeting, large printed material will be made available on request for those with visual impairment.
a recent survey indicates that young women in particular are showing a strong preference for online shopping.
the office manager is responsible for supporting staff members and ensuring that their work is done efficiently.
after rachel had worked for the company for more than 10 years, she was finally promoted to a managerial position.
mr. jackson expressed a strong desire to increase both the company's revenue and the number of employees.
kelvin video system's most recent model produces vivid images on its screen.
for further information, please don't hesitate to call our customer service center at 1-.
entries for the annual grr contest should be submitted by no later than december 1st.
clients of bank of america can easily gain access to their accounts 24 hours a day throughout the year.
the president of the company gave credit for the increased number of sales to the excellent work done by his staff.
although the owner of the company wasn't able to attend the meeting, his secretary was there to take important notes for him.
the wall street banks collapsed because of the uncertainty that investors had about the american economy.
wiping out the company's data on retiring workers' computers may prevent any leak concerning crucial information aboutthe company.
after a long speech about the importance of working hard, mr. glenn still reminded his workers to work hard every day.
emi requires all of its employees to make their own arrangements for their business trips.
the number of flood victims temporarily residing in the government-supplied camps has just exceeded a thousand.
before obtaining a license , applicants are required to complete 40 hours of driving with an adult over 21.
my application was to be reviewed primarily because i attended the company's summer internship course.
all the temporary workers are supposed to keep track of the hours that they work.
ms. hong was forced to resign as ceo of the company quickly since investors weren't pleased with her recent performance.
all the employees at sei corporation are invited to the meeting on the new internal communications system that the company is about to bring in.
although the marketing department submitted the initial proposal, it has been edited many times since then.
the president has just realized that the launch of our new product must be postponed owing to unfavorable conditions in the market.
the contract indicates that if your car breaks down on the road, you can get immediate roadside service within one hour.
the general manager made it clear before the meeting that employees can ask questions immediately after the meeting, but they must remain quiet throughout the meeting.
ms. kempbell runs a company that builds studios in both professional music agencies and people's houses.
although jack was concerned that his coworker would be very nervous on his first day of work, he was in fact quite confident, which surprised jack.
the ceo addressed the future of the company so passionately throughout the conference that he didn't even realize that he was losing his voice.
job interviewers generally evaluate the applicants' working abilities rather than their personalities .
as much as the korean economy has developed - tremendously in a short period of time, there are still many problems that our nation is facing.
the manager's speech on hard work was not effective because he is not considered a hard worker to the audience.
the new novel by steven kim will be published no later than the 18th of november according to a reliable source.
as we have had workers who quit after working for a short period of time, we need someone who can work consistently for at least a year.
while jason found the proposal from the other company attractive , he ultimately turned it down to keep the relationship with his original partner company.
maverick manufacturers has maintained the highest safety standards of any company in its industry.
peter had to work during my vacation because the matter was so urgent - that it couldn't wait for my return.
it is very difficult for the head of a company to fully understand the different characteristics of each employee.
most workers agree that extending the number of work hours is not going to increase the company's revenue because it actually results in lower work efficiency.
although the company had a tight budget, they invested more money in their new product because they believed it was beneficial in the long run.
although jackson inc. invests a large amount of money in advertising, its competitor, james inc. doesn't invest as much in it.
due to the contractual obligation , the company had to keep supplying the raw material for a cheap price even though there has been a rise in the overall market price.
because the head executive of yib inc. checks every single condition on contracts meticulously -, he never makes a mistake when signing the final copy.
we have been working on updates for the program, and you should receive the updated information in january .
frank truner who was interviewed on friday will be assigned to either the research department or the marketing department.
the author's comments are considered her own and are not necessarily reflective of the view of the magazine publisher.
all equipment in the gym is checked regularly to ensure that it is safe to use.
the calgary inn attaches importance to the cleanliness of its rooms and always offers good service at reasonable prices.
the management course will be offered on monday, october 17, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., while the law course will be taught on tuesday, october 18, from 9 a.m. to 4p.m.
giessen is centrally located in germany and can easily be reached by plane, train, and car.
to cut down on electricity wastage, we use energy-saving light bulbs and remind employees to turn off their computers when they leave the office.
our online service allows you to view your information, make address changes, review account history, and request documents.
it is important that managers draw in the best sales people to sell the products.
eli clare, whose latest book was published by local home press, is nominated for the  lambda literary award.
holders of old-style civ tickets are required to show their tickets to a staff member before boarding the train.
office supplies are ordered through the central purchasing department and are typically delivered the next business day.
if students are unable to arrive by the date specified on their visa documents, they will be sent home and will have to restart the application process.
barbuda's economy remains overwhelmingly dependent on tourism and on visitors who fly to the islands from all over the world.
we encourage frequent customer visits during all phases of the project to facilitate communication and to ensure that the project goals are being attained successfully.
because storage space is limited, please notify benjamin hatton if you no longer need your locker.
our employees can receive free admission to the joslyn art museum as well as discounts to the museum's gift shop.
considering her ability, dedication, and expertise, i am confident that ms. yoko will be the most suitable person for the position of marketing manager.
the advisory committee effectively addressed the president's concerns about the new building project.
nicholas sarkozy, president of the organization, is hosting an event on may 4, to mark the 90th anniversary of the founding of the red cross.
temporary and part-time employees are not eligible for paid holidays; if they work on a holiday, such employees will receive their regular wages.
the department of parks and recreation has outsourced the maintenance of public restroom facilities to advance management inc.
although mr. broadwater was the most qualified of all the applicants for the position, the job was given to another.
in keeping with company policy, protective clothing must be worn at all times during your visit to our plant.
due to growing seasonal demand, the store owner decided to hire five additional sales clerks.
with more than 34 years of designing some of the most impressive buildings in calgary, the reputation of the firm is well deserved.
should an unexpected delay in shipping occur, we will notify you by email of the new projected shipping date and provide you with an opportunity to keep your order or cancel it.
in celebration of national volunteer appreciation day, betsy johnson regional hospital will host a luncheon honoring its  hospital volunteers tomorrow.
established two decades ago with the vision of providing cost-effective office equipment, we are today one of the world's leading manufacturers in the field.
once the application is complete, our office staff can check your application to ensure everything is filled in completely and all documents are included.
in order to process a refund or exchange, you must notify us within two weeks of receiving your shipment.
one of our service department staff would be glad to assist you with the maintenance of your vehicle.
there are two distinct business units within glocell, each focusing on different customers and their needs.
manufacturers who make products available to the public are held responsible for the injuries their products cause.
the tiph employees are identifiable by their distinctive khaki uniforms and the special emblem on their uniforms and vehicles.
britax's new infant car seat offers a host of comfort and safety features designed to keep your child secure while traveling in the car.
anyone applying for the position of marketing director is asked to submit a resume along with two letters of reference.
the enclosed coupons will entitle the bearer to a ten percent discount on any of our products.
ideal safes & solutions, with its seven years of experience, provides reliable and durable safes and cabinets.
after jonathan revised the proposal for the project more than five times with his colleague, he finally handed it over to his boss.
since carol, my boss, was not satisfied with my work, she fired me and gave me one month's notice.
the company's ceremony only took an hour and a half because they skipped the boring opening speech and some unnecessary  formalities.
in the past two years, the number of car accidents has gone up by 15%.
due to heavy traffic, john has to wake up early every morning in order to make it to work on time.
max complained to his boss that it's been 10 years since the office has been renovated and it needs some changes in order to promote a better work environment.
although peter hurried up and called kevin to tell him that the meeting was canceled, kevin was already waiting for the representatives from the partner company.
bws corporation's employees were advised to attend the training session because only those who completed the session would be considered for the promotion.
when you invest your money, you have to choose either to invest in high-risk opportunities or low-risk ones.
peter was glad when he received a text message from the hospital reminding him of his appointment on thursday because he almost forgot about it.
jane could not apply for the job she desperately wanted because it required a high level of english.
jason attempted to utilize some new equipment at the factory, but he had trouble figuring out even where its start button was.
because the store was centrally located, it had a huge advantage in exposing its goods to the public, which had an impact on its increase in sales.
the company announced that it would merge with tyrell incorporated, but it said the opposite only two days later.
justin's packaging company occasionally receives returned products because the new machine that they purchased has been creating problems for the past couple of months.
while kim was waiting for the delivery of the product that she ordered a month ago, she realized that what she ordered was actually not the one that the company needed.
according to the interviewer, the position requires a high familiarity with marketing theory.
jason's colleagues were jealous of him because his boss helped him with the work so much that he nearly had nothing to do but handed in the completed work.
although people often believe that coffee has too much caffeine, in reality, it's relatively low in caffeine compared to some energy drinks such as redbull, monster and rockstar.
carl thought that the conference was very informative and actually learned a lot more than he'd learned at university.
it is necessary for superiors to give a fair evaluation of their workers because it has a huge impact on their future career.
because jack had served the company as the general manager for more than 20 years, there was not one employee who didn't know him.
for the first three months, tim's boss couldn't find any flaws in him, but he realized that tim actually has a very hot temper when he got into an argument with his co-worker.
although the company aimed for a greater number of sales by lowering the price of their products, it faced a huge loss in revenue because they couldn't reach their expected number of sales.
a professional soccer player, jinsu became so competitive in the game that he ended up earning himself a yellow card for his actions.
kate was hoping that harry would correct his mistakes on the proposal before submitting it after she told him which mistakes she had found while going over it.
the factory wasn't able to produce as many products as it was supposed to because the supplier couldn't deliver the raw materials on time.
because the head of the company was obsessed with the company's profits from the previous year, he couldn't focus on its profits for the current year.
in order to promote the purchase of its new products, the company spent a great deal on advertising.
noticing that the stock value was continually decreasing, the biggest shareholder sold all of his stocks for a reasonably low price.
with the strong visual effects of the presentation, the general manager sounded very persuasive in his meeting held with the partner company.
because of the sudden death of the ceo, the company's stock value dropped dramatically and didn't recover for several years.
there are still immense job opportunities in the unites states because there are many small businesses around the country.
although some customers claimed that the company's customer service providers are impolite, hisl corporation totally ignored the claims.
as a result of working for 14 hours continually, i was able to create an array of products in different colors.
hib investment bank, whose shareholders were passionate about getting a new ceo, has been going through some chaotic changes recently.
the head of the department has specified that all employees are required to hand in their vacation plans before the end of the month.
jim once again made the same mistake by misspelling the names of the people who were supposed to attend the conference.
the president seemed very upset when the interviewer asked him a very sensitive question about his family history.
when the acid indicator turned red, tony realized that he should not touch it without any protection on his hands.
dr. braun will write recommendation letters only for interns who master every task expected of a junior copy editor.
the appointment of a new chief financial officer at veracore industries was announced on april 6.
after a six-month probationary period, city employees are eligible to take vacation days.
ms. larensky is applying with several different agencies to obtain the permits required for the outdoor art event.
this letter serves as confirmation that we have received and processed your credit-card cancellation request.
many people at the company have industry experience, but only a handful of us can see the future importance of current trends.
the new furniture for the conference room is scheduled to be delivered early on tuesday.
after working in canada for ten years, cha joon has returned to seoul to plan the opening of an upscale restaurant.
toucan database system is designed to perform a detailed financial analysis automatically
the city council approved the bill to increase funding for its road improvement project
the neighborhood involvement program honors residents who volunteer their time to help egin city.
several architects proposed intriguing design plans for the hadler building's addition.
the updated training program is limited to site supervisors within the casey medical care system.
mr. koizumi must complete the cost estimate before he leaves for the conference.
although the new x printer is similar to other models, it costs only half as much.
to address budget deficits, lunere county plans to limit spending and promote tourism.
operating instructions are posted above the printer so you can easily refer to them.
the vickwell historical museum will be closed for renovations beginning on monday, september 10.
finley plant nursery implements the very latest agricultural techniques.
according to the compensation guidelines, employees who regularly complete their work before it is due may receive bonuses.
thank you for your participation in the foxdale apartments community enhancement survey.
solar energy has become a key factor in the development of additional energy resources throughout the region.
the lpn auto company has issued a special report to address concerns regarding the fuel efficiency of its vehicles.
this year's company retreat will focus on techniques that help people think more creatively
employees must submit requests for time off to ms. cheung for approval.
board members are free to discuss the issues among themselves before the formal votes are taken.
judging by ticket sales, fen jiang's first attempt at directing a film was clearly a success.
while the nolan credit union parking area is now open to the public, a section has been reserved for credit union employees.
pharmacy technicians are responsible for verifying and processing prescriptions as soon as they are requested by a physician.
all laboratory personnel must attend the clinical safety workshop to ensure compliance with new regulations.
the travel documents will be processed as soon as they are received.
to change your seating assignment, visit the reservations page on our web site.
the president of somchai bank rides his bicycle to work every day, except when it rains.
agents who have not yet registered for next week's insurance excellence forum must do so immediately .
matos realty has developed two different methods of identifying undervalued properties.
wearing lab coats and safety goggles is a requirement for all laboratory workers.
the manufacturer recommends that the filter be cleaned at least once a month for optimal performance.
before selecting a dagle steel door, measure the door opening carefully .
okpara employees should contact their supervisors by 10:00 a.m. if they expect to miss a day of work.
the director has requested a comparison of the costs of short and long-term rental agreements.
ms. yi of lakesview catering says that five trays of appetizers are more than enough for fifty guests.
canada's pan rail corporation will no longer transporting freight into the united states.
according to experts, flash maxe dishwashing detergent consistently delivers exceptionally results.
when picking up identification badges, employees need to show proof of employment at ekmekci associates.
roxy koenig is actively seeking a new venue for her summer concert since the hazelton music hall is being renovated.
prospective tenants must provide at least two references along with their application.
while ms. molinsky has little experience in technical support, her knowledge of computer systems is extensive .
please refer to the attached flowchart, which describes the division of responsibilities among the various leadership positions.
a good project manager strives to enhance communication between departments whenever possible.
same-day appointments can usually be scheduled, although not necessarily with your usual doctor.
mr. vieira is credited with introducing several changes that have helped stacatti stationery increase business.
in the photograph, president tang can be seen standing opposite dr. dervishi.
the new location of the bentler company is easily accessible by car or bus.
arise in energy prices will mostly affect businesses whose energy consumption is high.
city officials have assured harmon avenue businesses that street repairs will be completed within 48 hours.
our department would have attended the policy meeting last monday, but we had a scheduling conflict.
given the effectiveness of maisey stanton's leadership on the town council, she will likely win next week's mayoral election.
barner corporation's record profits resulted from the recent initiative to identify operating efficiencies.
customers still tend to place short notices in the classified section even though there is no longer a mandated word limit.
all shelves in the holiday merchandise section need to remain fully stocked.
access to the exercise room is included with your stay at the bay land hotel.
mr. okello's promotion means that he will supervise a larger team.
juniper worldwide, inc., will be changing payroll service providers on january 1.
the valletta visitor centre offers da ly boat rides along the city's historic waterfront
ultrora action's t-pro tennis shoe is the lightest one on the market right now
duram biscuit corp, is able to negotiate good deals with its wholesale suppliers.
at razani marketing, there are many opportunities for professional advancement.
parking on dahakno street will be prohibited for the next few days because of emergency repairs to water lines
accountants applying for the training must obtain a referral from their supervisor
the evaluation report will be completed only after the auditors inspect the laboratory.
in light of our recent expansion, it will be necessary to hire another administrative assistant by june 1.
due to low registration, the communications workshop scheduled for july 2 will be postponed until further notice.
the initial response to the beta version of the software allows us to be fairly optimistic about future product sales.
orvale school's business mentors are retired executives with a wealth of expertise across a wide range of industries.
thank you for your interest in our updated line of compact refrigerators.
the judges may begin to review the entries now that the deadline for submitting slogans has passed.
on his daily radio show, trade biz, antonio kosior analyzes business news from all over the globe.
the purchase of the new lagos reporter will not lead to changes in editorial staff.
professor reginald layke's proposal for an additional course in business management was approved in a surprisingly short time.
carideli science museum trustees are expected to be aware of all the museum's operations.
with the completion of its airport, honokai island's tourism economy has improved dramatically.
brock's bistro has requested that we specify the number of dinner guests by monday.
doi textiles, inc., is well-known throughout the fashion world as being a trendsetter for young women's clothing.
{d) solicitation  a reception will be held to introduce the newly appointed director of marketing to the employees of kaulana industries.
to fill two vacant positions on its benefits committee, adidion labs is seeking employees who are ready for a challenge.
the software for tracking orders has been markedly successful as it has greatly decreased time spent on the task.
lately the community sports program has had a surplus of volunteers, most of whom are students.
please use the attached survey to let us know how enjoyable your recent stay at the copper mine inn was.
sales clerks at sylla bazaar receive additional pay when they work in the evening.
the use of high-quality yet inexpensive machine parts led to a decrease in costs for mr. kim's factory.
because humidity can damage wood, the climate in furniture storage units must be controlled.
the updated safety manual includes guidelines for the entire factory.
a limited amount of time for questions will be granted following mr. tanaka's speech.
at correia electronics, we are continually researching appliance technology.
at imprint eyewear, most prescription eyeglasses can be made within two business days.
the first prize presented was the kozar award for excellence in educational toy design.
ms. ling is not here today, but she typically attends every library board meeting.
investing in as many -- properties as possible can be risky but is often lucrative
after interviewing ms. garcia personally, the company president finalized the committee's decision to hire her as chief financial officer.
construction of the yukimura building has been postponed because of modifications in the architectural plans.
please inform ms. montgomery of any adjustments to your office supplies order before 2:00 p.m.
all buehler energy customers are encouraged to sign up for electronic statements instead of paper ones.
in her letter of reference, ms. eisner indicates that mr. patel's ability to work well with others is his most admirable quality.
this friday, all employees may depart two hours before closing unless their manager requires them to stay.
the science career fair is an exciting opportunity for job seekers to meet with recruiters from major companies in the field.
the songs on sophia vestra's new album are among the most innovative musical arrangements of her career.
the research indicates that tourism in chestnut valley has remained stable over the past two years.
online orders are handled by mr. clark's team, while regular mail orders are overseen by ms. adauto's group.
after the suggested upgrades have been implemented, the production process should run more efficiently.
panjan air, an airline based in singapore, is offering budget flights to bangkok and jakarta.
mesmio, provider of premium television content, welcomes specific ideas for improving our service.
the conclusions from our analysis turned out to be directly applicable to the budget problem.
the proposal to transform the vacant land on spring street into a community garden will be voted on this monday.
after quality control inspectors certify that all specifications are met, the product can be shipped.
the vast meadowlands surrounding the museum are designated as wildlife habitat.
each one of mitesh sandu's international performances was filmed for the documentary.
new tax incentives reward local businesses that decrease their water consumption.
based on new data, min-soo trucking's proposal to expand its business to southeast asia would be only marginally successful.
mr. ashburton has been highly recommended by all three of his references.
mr. choi wants to know when the illustrations will be ready for his review.
the project meeting has been rescheduled for tomorrow because of the bad weather.
smooth tek's newest software makes it much easier for business owners to create newsletters.
by opening offices in london, paris, and madrid, sedgehill ltd. has continued its growth into markets overseas.
lf the kiln's heat is set too high, the ceramic objects inside may be ruined
the national overview is the fourth most widely distributed newspaper in the northeastern region.
dr. lin, the keynote speaker at this years southeast dentistry convention, invented several groundbreaking dental devices.
rose s bistro will close next month due to escalating operating expenses .
during yesterday's meeting, ms. milne offered her congratulations to the sales team for their excellent results this quarter.
the employee satisfaction survey results are likely to differ among departments.
the course taught by prof. brennink is intended for those interested in medical or health-related careers.
starting september 1, the accounting department will issue travel reimbursements separately from biweekly paychecks.
the planned construction of several new office buildings in newbury has created a sizable demand for skilled workers.
the new computer security program allows users to monitor any suspicious activity on their account.
the expansion of the kawagoe factory has had a significant impact on inagi technology employees' productivity.
please review the repair estimate carefully as soon as it has been received from the maintenance department.
responsibilities of the marketing assistant include coordinating focus groups and writing detailed reports.
the product development team for herbeve cosmetics is considering a package redesign to try to increase sales.
because of an increase in small, individual furnaces, glassblowing has become a more accessible and popular art medium.
our investment in solar energy was a key factor in achieving energy independence.
payments made to your account after the invoice was generated are not reflected in the balance shown.
see our media kit for facts and information regarding our line of lighting equipment.
the lawyers report that the merger was successfully concluded thanks to last-minute negotiations.
mr. hong will outline the procedures for handling customers' confidential information.
last year, the fromley company established an internship program for trade school students studying electrical technology.
seldom in the news, the honorable cynthia rengle is now making headlines with her proposal to drastically reduce local taxes
despite being the audience's least favorite film at the star film festival, lost dog nevertheless won the critics' award for best animation.
we found the staffplex payroll management system to be the only one extensive for our needs.
ms. mills has correctly predicted that sales would increase productively as the company's radio advertisement continues to air.
the newspaper editor, mr. lim has invited a distinguished architect to write about his famous buildings.
all employees are required to attend both the morning and the afternoon sessions of the training workshop on friday.
this course provides students with the tools for thinking about ways to enhance collaboration among races, ethnic groups and social classes.
the new employee orientation will be held in one of the training facility classrooms and it will begin promptly at 8:00 a.m.
employees who wish to participate in the fsa program must submit their completed paperwork to the human resources department by dec. 16.
ups guarantees the delivery of your important shipments from the u.s. to more than  international cities.
old magazines and important papers are stored on the top shelf in labeled files.
the sharp hotel has decided to offer a free shuttle service to the beach every day from 8 a.m. to 9 p.m., leaving every hour.
the committee recommended developing more systematic procedures for the management of employee performance evaluations.
it will be necessary to develop an updated employee manual incorporating the many changes that have occurred over the past twelve years.
in preparation for the christmas shopping season, the local fire department has started inspecting malls and other business establishments in the busan area.
mr. lim could solve the problem with the sonya  software easily after reading the enclosed manual.
when you initiate conversations with your new employees, greet them personally to make them feel comfortable and listen with interest.
infosys technologies ltd. has instituted an annual award of $5 million for korean scientists who have achieved excellence in promoting research in biotechnology.
during the meeting, agenda items are discussed by the board of directors and minutes are taken by the secretary.
please forward the message from the advertising agency in busan to mrs. hwang's office directly.
the automobile industry is becoming increasingly reliant on computers to improve efficiency and reduce costs.
an increasingly large number of our customers prefer the payment convenience of debit cards.
ms. kennedy was given the responsibility for managing the downtown building project, which was overseen by the board of directors.
recommendations for the prize will be considered by the committee, but are not necessarily required to receive it.
when renting a car, it is important to take time to inspect the car thoroughly and document any damage including minor scratches.
ms. jespersen is pleased to accept your invitation to become a member of the washington community reinvestment association.
the family and medical leave act requires employers to grant employees up to 12 weeks of unpaid leave a year for family medical emergencies.
since pension benefits may be a major source of your retirement income, you should carefully consider the following options before making your decision.
the marketing team members are supposed to be on time for tomorrow's advertising planning meeting.
because the number of staff registering for the seminar was inaccurately estimated, mr. kim had to book a larger meeting room.
before agreeing to the terms of use, please know that membership is not free, but, we do offer many different membership rates.
we are planning to launch the new product throughout the country as soon as a reliable distributor and a wholesale dealer are found.
the north east is one of the best regions in which to start a new business, according to business and enterprise north east statistics.
the affordable land prices, good drainage and excellent soil conditions have been conducive to the high agricultural output of our region.
while the supervisor is responsible for preventing injuries, each worker must be attentive to their personal safety, in addition to the safety of their coworkers.
pioneer steel guarantees that all information gathered through this website is strictly confidential and used only by pioneer steel.
no matter how busy they are, all workers at the factory are encouraged to take short breaks every 50 minutes.
the pockets are a bit different than the ones pictured in the catalog, as the zipper is on the side of the pocket, not in the center of the pocket.
it is important to arrive at the airport 45 to 90 minutes ahead of your scheduled departure time.
korean information technology firms are cautiously predicting an economic upturn in the fourth quarter despite concerns over a strong won and surging oil prices.
the quarterly sales report indicated that the company's profits were 11 percent higher than previously predicted .
the new spring menu at outback restaurant features fresh salads made with healthy blends of asian and european ingredients.
the city of calgary has made a successful transition from an industrial town to a bustling tourist destination, with the creation of shops, restaurants, and hotels.
the deadline for registration is rapidly approaching , so contact our office immediately if you are interested in attending.
russell jewels is opening a new store in rowland this saturday.
ms. rosebush must send her application form to beal city university by september 5.
mr. cline requested his boss to authorize him to organize the event.
some of the administrative staff went on a business trip to conclude a contract with a business partner.
to receive the full benefits of this coupon, please register the serial number at our shop's official website.
judy arnold volunteered to take on a new research project in cooperation with senior researcher fred ferguson.
as an experienced teacher, mr. grant gave a speech on the importance of fostering the habit of reading.
cellist irene hudson is arranging an accompanied performance with the toronto philharmonic orchestra.
all workers must be equipped with safety devices such as helmets before entering the construction site.
guests must show the invitation they received at the entrance to be escorted to their seats.
the caldwell bridge was around nearly  years before it was demolished due to safety concerns.
wagner computers is looking for creative ideas from employees that could contribute to the development of some new software.
a doubled remittance charge is placed on international money transfers compared to domestic ones.
winn furniture which has been in business for more than  years strives to provide our customers with functional and durable furniture.
navarro paper company devised a new manufacturing system but due to technological difficulties it has not yet been implemented.
according to a public opinion survey carried out by the dushville gazette, there is a clear preference for a new mayor rather than the incumbent one.
letson university's floyd medical school is a leading academic institute which has produced many capable doctors.
senior researchers at the russell botanic institute are currently developing new medicine consisting only of natural ingredients.
accounting firms must abide by the laws of the respective state they belong to when conducting an audit.
you cannot make additional orders for office supplies as the budget has already been finalized.
to improve the athletic performance of the football team, the team's coach has implemented a new exercise routine.
to complete the transfer process, transfer students should send their transcripts directly from their previous school's administrative office.
volunteers must present identification cards to flood victims before carrying out any kind of assistance.
magneta computing company had to immediately recall the fosno- laptops when they turned out to have defects in their hardware.
the final draft of the prototype for our newly developed product must be prepared so it can be displayed at the board of trustees' meeting.
applicants for the vacant job position must have the ability to categorize different types of documents, prepare presentation materials, and carry out administrative work.
to ensure a safe trip, wiota railway services periodically conducts technical examinations on all its tracks and trains.
you can upgrade the size of the pizza you order plus three free beverages for no extra charge when you order through the internet.
if you need a translator at the conference, please check your language preference on the registration form.
the quarterly revenue of delci hair products increased by 10 percent due to the new marketing strategy they employed.
students are required to summarize what they have researched for their graduation thesis.
since the outbreak of an unidentified disease, the sales volume of personal hygiene items has reached an all-time record.
civilians in the southern part of new zealand are putting every effort into extinguishing bushfires alongside local firefighters.
because philip dalton was absent due to an injury from last game, a substitute player was put into the semifinals.
ferry service at leaton island charges 20 percent more on weekends than on weekdays.
the movie is quite popular because of its picturesque scenes and solid plot, both of which have been praised by movie critics.
business transactions must be accurately recorded and confirmed by the heads of each respective department before they are delivered to the company's accountant.
remsell industries is implementing an incentive program for employees to facilitate heightened productivity.
president bruce dixon of dewitt advertising has been promoting a strategic partnership with local businesses.
personnel changes within the marketing department " came as no surprise, as it completely failed on the most recent project.
emily introduced herself before starting the interview for the management job.
respond to the e-mail from the supervisor as soon as possible and ask questions if anything is unclear.
the purpose of the retreat was to allow all of the employees to bond with one another.
the wildlife preserve was created by the florida nature commission to protect the state's endangered species.
staff members with prior engagements need not feel obliged to attend next week's field trip.
the building's new tenants are arriving in the next couple of days, so the staff is getting everything ready.
the banquet hall was elaborately decorated for the fund-raising gala on june 11.
the whitby town council recently prepared a brochure recommending ways that residents can play an active role in the community.
ms. johnson came up with a feasible solution to the customer's network problem.
the human resources department is under pressure to find a replacement for the senior accountant.
beltrax has consistently ranked as one of the top providers of marketing research since its foundation seven years ago.
mansfield chemical built an extension that would furnish additional space for the newly purchased machinery.
as the argument raised at the last meeting was on a minor point, it did not affect the proposal's overall plan.
those who still wish to submit applications after the deadline must pay a $45 late fee in order to be considered.
everyone at hammond construction, inc. was surprised to find out that the year's greatest cost saving measure was suggested by an intern.
upon his retirement, mr. ross was highly commended for his vital contributions during the company's formative years.
ms. waddill provided a few members of her department with an overview covering the key points of the ceo's speech.
the doubts among investors regarding the company's ability to expand in the coming year led to a steep decline in the stock's price.
attendance at the latipa film festival increased by nearly 30 percent this year thanks to an online marketing campaign.
during the summer, rooms at the marigold hotel are always fully booked notwithstanding the large size of the facility.
all employees need a written permit from the manager to access the office during off-hours.
since the trainees were having difficulty following the instruction manual, the trainer decided to create a simplified version.
hgs company was awarded the construction contract as it had a worthier bid than any of the other competing firms.
ms. nissim, the founder of hartwell industries, will deliver a talk on effective sales strategies at the marketing convention.
many people have succeeded in reducing household waste by buying fewer disposable products.
the next work of art for sale is considered one of the finest paintings ever exhibited at the cole morton museum.
the tenor received widespread recognition for his superb performances at the annual opera festival.
besides having television stations across the state, the american media corporation owns several magazines and newspapers.
delegates from the industry's most widely respected social media marketing firms will speak at next week's summit.
tnp tech will allow users to download its new software for free until september 1 but will start charging for it thereafter
the prices in the catalog include both state and national taxes but not delivery charges.
cardston corporation's fiscal records are kept in separate boxes and are stored according to year.
prior to permanently shutting down, rebound media thanked customers for the support they had shown over the years.
visitors to holidayland need not worry about bringing enough cash, as credit cards are accepted anywhere in the resort.
having decided to enter the asian market, edgeware electronics is now seeking regional distributors for its products.
anyone who wants to reserve a conference room for a meeting can simply e-mail ms. bloomberg in administration.
after deciding to build a new home in victoria, mr. redmond hired an interior designer to assist him with decorating the house.
first bonneville bank acquired 35 branches of cpg financial trust for $90 million, strengthening its presence in the region.
psychologists conducted an extensive study about the negative effects of video games on young children.
reginald rentals recently opened a branch in sacramento, and after a very short time the new location became profitable.
the city council has taken steps toward improving air quality by introducing measures that limit factory pollution.
the factory is preparing to hire temporary workers for selected manufacturing plants to meet its quarterly production goals.
although reviews for leonard atwood's new book were very positive, orders for the novel were lower than the publisher had expected.
those planning to join the historic district tour are asked to be in the center's reception area at 8 a.m. tomorrow.
while ski resorts are frequently busier during peak season in the winter, they do attract hikers in the summer.
the organizer of the publicity convention said there is still much work to be done, but was not concerned about meeting the deadline.
the appliance maker waives all repair charges for items that are accompanied by valid warranties.
the executive director has asked all production supervisors to monitor the work schedule more attentively in the future.
ms. tennyson has a talent for spotting good investments and a reputation for being bold and visionary.
by the time its weeklong promotion was over, polk mobile had managed to sell almost its entire inventory of kelstra smart phones.
with the financial crisis over and banks eager to provide loans, it has never been this easy for the average person to own a home.
dr. boyle does not generally see any patients without appointments, except for cases of emergency.
customers who sign up for a one-year subscription to emerald cable tv by the end of the week will receive a month of free service.
well attended by dozens of enthusiasts, the launch party for fiesta motors' newest sports car was deemed an absolute success.
hector calma has been appointed project leader for all axos activities based in south africa and is busy preparing to move there for an extended period.
the supervisor is skilled at managing the delicate balance between the needs of staff and those of upper management.
even though subscriptions to the the marinberg herald's print edition have steadily declined, its online readership continues to grow.
whether the malfunctions with the clarity dishwasher are due to defects or low-quality materials is still being investigated.
just as those in the delivery industry had predicted, volo-air's new routes helped boost its quarterly earnings significantly.
the mayor was able to solidify her plans for improving job creation through the help of local businesses.
the organizers of the fundraiser are compiling a to-do list to hand out to volunteers.
mr. chen was surprised by the promotion because he had not imagined that it could happen this year.
since the report had not yet been distributed , ms. pantel had time to correct an error she had found.
once the account has been created , the user will be asked to re-enter their login name and password.
the downtown branch of jim's burgers has progressively outperformed the chain's other locations in the city.
the marketing department has launched a social media campaign in an effort to reach a more diverse audience.
guests enjoyed the resort's new swimming pool in addition to its outdoor restaurant.
employee assessments are typically carried out in december but may be delayed until january.
the residents of the building had to find temporary accommodations during the renovation.
the fitness tracker is as perfectly accurate as the online advertisements say it is.
tremont airlines is offering reduced rates to passengers willing to travel late at night.
customers are asked to acknowledge receipt of their orders by signing their names on a delivery form.
the trade show convention center was conveniently located right next to the subway station, making it easily accessible.
employees at branford computing group are expected to respond to all technical support questions within 24 hours.
applicants submitting a form for a new license should make certain that it is completely filled out.
storing dangerous chemicals near the main factory floor creates a potentially hazardous situation for the employees who work there.
health one hospice's board of directors hopes to affiliate the institution with a partner that shares similar values.
the casting director was looking for an actor with an inviting tone of voice that can persuade listeners to buy a product.
the company issued a statement yesterday evening in relation to the merger agreement.
a banquet was held to honor five employees, all of whom have worked at the company for more than 20 years.
company policy requires that all staff members be at their desks before 9:30 a.m., barring unforeseen circumstances.
hotel employees are stationed at the check-in desk in case you have any questions during your stay.
new cycling safety regulations have just been enacted by the ministry of transportation.
author sylvia feldman was nominated for a publishers guild award for her best-selling nonfiction novel, 21 ravens.
according to the study, the more popular a marketing campaign is among young people, the better a product is likely to sell.
the individual that will take on paige manufacturing's vice president position is expected to come from a subsidiary of the company.
the job comes with several significant benefits including health insurance and three weeks of paid leave.
if the deposit for the apartment has been paid, the tenant can move in immediately.
in compliance with the terms of his employment contract, mr. allen receives 1.5 times his regular pay rate for overtime hours.
the board of trustees took a vote to decide who would replace the retiring company president.
the airline's newly opened lounge in the international terminal can comfortably hold up to  travelers.
bryant cosmetics' marketing team developed a promotional campaign by themselves , rather than outsourcing the work.
the human resources director asked for a complete evaluation of each staff member hired since january.
those wishing to participate in the sales training that will be held in the coming month must sign up by noon on wednesday.
everyone attending one of stanton home's real estate investment workshops will be offered the chance to apply for a loan.
the city council will not consider a project proposal until its pricing has been determined by an advisory committee.
the train from piterburgh to chamberlin travels very slowly because it has to make a lot of stops.
patrons who want a refund or exchange must make a request at the customer service center within one month from the date of purchase.
audience members are reminded to switch off all electronic devices if they attend any of the presentations scheduled throughout the conference.
the tour guide gave assurances and said that the group would not depart for its destination until everyone was definitely aboard the boat.
those who volunteered to work at the festival were given free t-shirts and gift certificates out of appreciation for their efforts.
the meals served at nightinvale's take a relatively long time to cook, compared to other restaurants.
after much discussion about the office's slow internet connection, it was decided that the simplest solution would be to find a different provider.
luxus lotion is available exclusively at dashney department stores and cannot be found anywhere else.
mr. chang asked the other board members to think about whom they would like to nominate as the next chairperson.
the evaluator found that ms. benning was highly capable of leading a group and suggested she begin training for a managerial position.
in spite of several complaints about the new security system, chambers corporation has decided to continue using it for now.
even after presenting a convincing case to the board, mr. wright failed to persuade them to invest in the development project.
the bank officer prolonged that it would take mr. gordon two more years to settle his remaining debt if he continued to repay it in small amounts.
the purchasing manager can only order parts from companies that are found on the company's list of approved suppliers.
lawrence graham leased his new office space two weeks ago, but he has yet to move his firm to the location.
after buying out its closest rival, tele-sa will undoubtedly become south africa's dominant mobile telecommunications provider.
as patterson coffeehouse only has one branch in australia, it plans to open six new stores by the conclusion of the fiscal year.
when rubicon bank's growth rate is announced publicly next week, the information will attract a lot of interest from stock investors.
in his latest book, journalist peter ormond gives a fascinating account of his experiences working in south america.
in a gesture of goodwill, the san mateo high school will generously allow local residents to use its sports facilities on weekends.
the public's reactions to the monument in penn park reveal a difference in perspective regarding how they feel tax money should be spent.
the cruise ship coming in from alaska was nearly three hours late arriving at the port in vancouver owing to stormy weather conditions at sea.
the strongest argument in favor of reevaluating the company's product lines has to be that sales have been consistently declining for the past two years.
throughout history, scientists have gathered much evidence to support the theory that many animals possess high levels of intelligence.
a lecturer with over 10 years experience in information technology was the instructor for the seminar.
the greenville branch of clockwork will be closed for its annual inventory on monday, so customers are asked to visit nearby locations instead.
spart-gyms is advertising on television to ensure that the grand opening of its new athletics facility is widely publicized
after the marketing convention in seychelles concludes, mr. stevens' staff is likely to go on a weeklong vacation.
the maritime museum is requesting donations from local businesses to host an upcoming series of educational lectures on regional history.
improvements to the subway system and the construction of bicycle lanes have allowed city residents to reduce their reliance on cars in recent years.
free copies of richard lucas's new book, lens explorer, will be handed out to guests during his photo exhibit at el patio museum on monday.
huntington hotel provides a wide variety of recreational activities for its guests, including water sports and sightseeing tours.
customers will receive points for every purchase they make, which they can use to buy other products sold in the store.
the planning committee representatives made a collective decision to postpone the event until the end of the month.
in a report, the energy department offered its best predictions of future oil prices in relation to the current world supply.
as traveling by bus can be tedious , many passengers bring along a book or an electronic device for entertainment throughout their journeys.
the opening of the warehouse in philadelphia was originally scheduled for next week, but construction problems have caused a significant delay.
because there are many job openings, applicants must indicate which position they are seeking by clearly marking the appropriate box.
prices for certain commodities are rising around the nation as they become more scarce .
while the ceo is away at the conference in santiago, his assistant, mr. hale, will handle all official correspondence on his behalf.
the vendors at the trade fair come mostly from europe, but a few are from north america and other parts of the world.
the bank only evaluates small business loan applications after clients submit a feasibility report on their proposed operational strategy.
the tour bus drove past several notable sites in victoria and made three stops in particularly interesting districts.
blueline insurance will immediately cover the cost of repairing clients' automobiles if damages amount to less than $1,
in an effort to minimize distractions, janzyll incorporated discourages the personal use of telephones and the internet while on duty.
the simon pillars foundation is a global organization of architects dedicated to building free homes for underprivileged families.
the group was very pleased with the cruise arranged by stellar travel, with many saying that it was the most memorable of holidays they had ever been on.
after working in london for five years, ms. shatya had trouble readjusting to the climate in her home country of malaysia.
unless kempley telecom is explicitly told to cancel a subscription, it will continue to charge users the regular monthly fee.
motivated by the chance to earn a large bonus, carver properties' sales team strived to meet its annual quota.
a special recognition award was presented to dane evans, honoring him for his many years of service on the police force.
the traffic bureau implemented the new regulations to protect pedestrians and motorists from road accidents at night.
the hotel duvarney is committed to providing each of its guests with a pleasant and comfortable stay.
the labor relations commission is conducting thorough investigations into claims that some employees at the hartford company are being treated unfairly.
the city of clarkston requires that retail outlets obtain business licenses in order to engage in commerce.
danika incorporated has promised substantial bonuses to employees who bring in a minimum of  new customers this year.
so long as the mayor but all of the members of the city council attended the new year's celebrations at city hall.
despite its vast assortment of attractive new features, belta's latest smartphone is reasonable priced compared to similar items produced by competitors.
at the end of the concert, audience members displayed with excitement when the band agreed to perform two additional songs.
passengers must confirm theirs flights at least 72 hours prior to the scheduled time of departure.
if only the money earned from its most recent promotion, health-ease beverages expanded its product line of organic fruit drinks.
as part of the advertising campaign, an article with a very initial description of the ark restaurant will be published in a food magazine.
the artist vera sheen has exhibited her work at the center gallery in toronto later this year from september 1 to november 30.
staff members attending the trade fair in miami were instructed to make payments for accommodations and bill the company at a later date.
even if the factory operates at full capacity, it will not be able to produce enough items to satisfy the client's order requirements.
visitors to cordera chemicals are asked to reflect at the security desk and speak with a guard before proceeding into the building.
summer interns are expected to perform a variety of tasks, from completing routine paperwork to lender a hand on different research projects when needed.
the lineup of speakers invited by organizers to appear at this month's lecture series has been modified.
to thank the clients who participated in the marketing study, the company sent out e-mails with gratified vouchers worth a total of $50.
had he known sooner about the opening at gray consulting, michael would have applied for a job there instead of at hardwick international.
the junior chefs were given a test to determine how importantly they could prepare a meal using only a few ingredients.
egypt's national history museum seeks to preserve the country's rich cultural findings by protecting many priceless artifacts.
it took the work crew one week to repair the fence running along the angle of mr. haskell's property.
fiercely determined to demonstrate she was worthy of the job, ms. olmedo consistently worked the hardly among the newly hired personnel.
the administrative department announced that once the new cafeteria is built, office workers will be provided with weekly meal allowances.
cottage rentals at the devon resort are typically sold out by early spring and thus difficult to book by the time summer starts in june.
economists use advanced statistical methods that they believe can correctly forecast buying trends in the market.
library patrons who lose borrowed materials will be holding accountable for paying the cost of replacing them.
according to the company timetable, the business luncheon is supposed to take place except 12 p.m. and 2 p.m. this coming friday.
the barbuda hotel and spa has a staff of professional performers whose sole job is to provide nightly entertainers for the guests.
economic conditions in the country have not been optimization for avatech to market a new computer tablet line, and so far sales have been mediocre.
financial advisors at bishop investment give constructing suggestions for saving money and planning budgets in everyday life.
the short-term student exchange program is open to all is presently enrolled in a full-time course at gardner university.
mr. benning seemed hesitantly calm when performing at the recital last evening, but later he mentioned having felt quite nervous.
please note that this establishment implements a time limit of 14 days for returning non-defective and unopened purchases.
no special seating arrangement was made for the seminar participants, but as they arrive, attendants will show them to the available seats.
human resources will periodically evaluate employees to determine if they are meeting the company's performance standards.
having studied south america for several decades, professor hartley is considered the pre-eminent authority on its civilizations.
the espresso machine comes with an easily adjustable nozzle that allows users to control the amount of coffee dispensed.
although the new payment method postponed the pay date, the employees appreciate the benefits of the new system.
upon hearing the fire alarm, the students evacuated the building via the nearest exit.
citizens expressed their appreciation for the mayor, who helped the city become financially solvent after 10 years of being heavily in debt.
long road truck rental posted an announcement stating that it would allow employees to wear jeans with company shirts beginning on april 2.
with little information available on the terrain, the hikers hired a personal guide in order to ensure their safety.
ms. latta usually uses her car to get to work, but she finds it simpler to commute via bus than to deal with city traffic.
the program for the charity concert is tentative and subject to change depending on the availability of performers.
following the retirement of popular video game company pb play's founder, long-serving executive robert crane was appointed president of the firm.
given that temperatures are expected to drop during the day, it might be wise to bring a warm winter coat.
mr. powers informed a customer that the special security service was not customizable, but that the payment terms were negotiable
mevtech representatives hastily arranged a press conference in order to address the sudden surge in customer complaints regarding their products.
amid speculation that whitmore incorporated was in talks to merge with busch & hawley, stock prices for both companies began rising.
mr. barton received a notice for an unpaid electricity bill and was asked to pay immediately to ensure continuation of the service.
the company web site recently underwent significant changes, making all who logged on confused by the modifications.
mr. simmons is mainly in charge of keeping financial records, but he also takes care of other minor duties.
after closely inspecting the antique cabinet alongside the reproduction, the dealer could identify the distinguishing characteristics of each.
the ceo initially resisted appeals from investors to expand the business, but he has since changed his mind.
ms. muncy prefers investing in bonds and mutual funds rather than facing the daily fluctuations of individual stocks.
sports commentators have been guessing whose of the weaker teams in the league will still be eligible to participate.
crime rates have decreased considerably, thanks in part to the establishment of hotlines that people can use to anonymously report suspicious behavior.
instead of letting recyclable materials at the office go to waste, the colton company brings them to a local recycling center.
for the directors' luncheon, the administrative department reserved a private room away from the main dining area to discuss sensitive issues.
dr. marcus spoke beyond the allotted 30 minutes, leaving no time for questions after his speech.
the nigel art gallery was small relative to well-known museums, but its sculptures were arguably among the best in the world.
in an attempt to make its products immediately identifiable , the company worked with a top advertising agency on an eye-catching logo.
new assignments will be handed out after the team members finish working on last week's project.
museum management reminds all visitors not to leave their children unattended inside the building.
after working abroad for years, alice strepp was surprised when the company relocated her to the headquarters.
the train departing from vancouver to calgary takes a full day, so many travelers prefer going by plane.
the famous paintings to be auctioned off by the heritage society are kept secure in a locked location.
mr. wilkins would like some assistance setting up the audio-visual equipment in the conference room before the seminar on thursday.
for every $ purchase of billow swimwear, shoppers will receive either a towel or a pair of slippers.
mark hempel offered his full cooperation on a project that is developing a new tv show about international cultures.
the restaurant reserves the right to refuse service to customers who are not dressed appropriately.
the bolden school now offers courses for those interested in learning a variety of pottery production methods.
fortrain passengers with excess luggage, finetrak railways will impose a fee of $13 for every additional bag.
the charity does not accept food donations that have already expired because such items could be hazardous to recipients.
sales for cubix's computer tablet were consistently growing last year, but there has been a slight decline in the past few months.
the report briefly mentioned an upcoming merger between a textile company in peru and a fashion corporation in france.
as long as at least five participants sign up for the seminar, it will carry on as planned next weekend.
withdrawals from barstow bank's automated teller machines will now be limited to $2, a day per customer.
the financial consultant advised ms. broderick to downsize the staff at the denver branch to lower operational expenses.
above tough competition in the market, himobile continues to be the top cellular phone manufacturer in asia.
scientists have been saying for years that solar energy has incredible potential to become the world's leading power source.
grandilia cosmetics are available someplace harmony products are sold, including chester department stores.
the food industry is governed by many regulations, which we at benagra foods keep track of carefully.
the singer arthur fischman concluded his recital with a short japanese piece that was unusual for the end of a concert.
at a meeting of finance ministers, mr. yao made an urgent plea for assistance with his country's economic problems.
all publications at the west end book store are categorized and arranged on shelves according to subject and genre.
repair services or exchanges for all of dunway electronics' devices may be requested at any authorized dealer across the country.
managers formerly supervising the software engineering groups for the development project will now be in charge of much larger teams.
because the cost of the in the investment factory equipment was higher than the owner had expected, he only purchased one new machine.
all personnel at the factory, excluding those under contract with an outside firm, get paid time off on national holidays.
staff attending the picnic can bring whatever food they would like to share with the group besides burgers, which will be provided.
in keeping with the health department's stipulations, restaurant owners must conduct food safety sessions with kitchen staff.
concordia bank may fill the vice-president's position with an executive who works for one of its competitors.
in an effort to attract more customers, hanford jewelers now offers complimentary cleaning services for silver items at its five branches.
among the passengers of the overbooked flight to san diego, only four said they would be willing to travel at a later time.
mr. ing chose to fly to the conference in los angeles earlier than scheduled so that he would have extra time to visit some potential clients.
multiple studies have shown that even moderate exercise can lead to marked improvements in physical health.
the introductory art class meets once every week at the community center on vine avenue.
the brochures released by towler prudential provide additional information on various insurance coverage plans.
most downtown hotels are fully booked for the long weekend, but others on the outskirts of the city still have vacancies.
the vast majority of citizens approved of the city's urban development plan, and few complaints were submitted to city hall.
many submissions for the essay contest were remarkably well-written, considering most of the participants are students.
in response to repeated reminders about efficient energy consumption, more households are buying energy-efficient appliances.
before entering the construction site, all personnel must wear appropriate safety gear to provide them with full protection.
invited guests were informed that the banquet for the sales department would start promptly at 7 p.m. at the ogilvy hotel.
ray's automotive center provides window coating for vehicles to keep glass clear when exposed to heavy rains or snow.
the manager of the restaurant is considering hiring two more waiters to address complaints from diners regarding slow service.
sales clerks are trained to aid customers with all product inquiries and can conduct demonstrations of store devices.
vail enterprises' stock price is up 16 percent since the start of the year, mostly because of an increase in its overseas revenues.
the family-owned company maintains a policy of promoting a member to a senior position only after he or she has earned a graduate degree in business.
exhausted by her weeklong apartment search, ms. stein decided to rent the one on albright avenue, as it was the least expensive of all those she had seen.
management at the new mall on broad street expects to draw large crowds on the first day of the celebration, as the grand opening coincides with a national holiday.
the hammersmith business association will subsidize a new series of lectures to promote entrepreneurship.
volunteers providing assistance during the main street parade are distinguished by the bright green shirts they are wearing.
with the shipment already running late, the truck driver did not stop until reaching his destination, nearly a thousand miles away from where he started in nevada.
guests will be entitled to discounted tours and unlimited use of the resort's pool facilities as of october 1.
although the board has given its final approval to the firm, neither party will sign the contract until a price is agreed upon.
a brief extract from the newly released novel by nigel murphy was featured in the daily newspaper along with a glowing book review.
as well as being able to accommodate more participants, the new event venue is more conveniently accessible from the city center.
established by a group of advertising professionals, speedline concepts is a leader in the field of brand and logo creation.
visitors are not permitted to stay overnight with patients unless arrangements have been made beforehand with the hospital administration.
the plant's safety officers conduct inspections intermittently throughout the year with no warning, so staff must always be prepared for such an event.
high-end goods sold at barton jewelry are rarely offered at a discount, although a few items are occasionally marked down for clearance.
rigorous tests must be done on all medications before they are offered for use by the general public.
after jennifer barnes successfully completed her commercial driver's license application, she was able to drive a delivery truck.
magnum airlines began expanding its service five years ago and now operates several daily flights throughout eastern europe.
the train for somerville will leave on schedule tomorrow even though bad weather is expected.
employees may not use the hotel's main entrance and must pass through a side door located near the back of the building.
worker evaluation forms should be submitted to ann james in the personnel department within the week.
management may offer permanent positions to some of the employees hired as temporary staff on the last project.
pacific cable news did not proceed with acquiring a rival network when its shareholders expressed opposition to the plan.
the employee handbook states the human resources director is responsible for reviewing job applications.
visitors to vedan mountain are attracted by its remote location, which is approximately 25 miles away from the nearest city.
additional doctors will be assigned to the operham medical facility next month to help run a new rehabilitation wing.
since the cost of materials in malaysia is relatively affordable , ms. amarna decided to establish her factory there.
the central terminal's current ticketing counters will gradually be replaced by automatic machines.
freidrich clinic keeps all medical details completely confidential and does not release records to any third party without prior consent.
there was hardly any merchandise left at the end of vanita apparel's popular annual coat sale this year.
the fact that paris is one of the world's most popular tourist destinations is unsurprising since it has so much amazing art and culture.
hooper incorporated is reorganizing its internal management structure in order to improve communication among departments.
the examination for the ministry of foreign affairs this year was such a difficult test that only 10 percent of the test takers passed.
critically ill patients requiring constant observant must be confined in the hospital's intensive care unit on the second floor of the building.
students may make a request for a transfer to a different department of study but must provide the school's dean of admissions with a valid reason.
starting next month, alouette's chief accountant has to approve all requests for cash expenditures of $1, or more.
bedford airlines and the concord hotel chain have a partnership with each other and sell holiday packages to a variety of global destinations.
according to a report on work practices, people today spend longer hours at the office than they ever did before.
questions about nedester televisions and related products can be directed to the company through their web page.
envelopes must be properly sealed before dropping them into the mailbox, as the post office is not accountable for lost documents.
speed-ex electronics was asked to make certain that all equipment for the new branch is delivered by the end of june.
the editors of the pine journal go through all the articles before printing to check for errors and factual discrepancies .
the city has plans to revitalize local parks by planting more trees and flowers to make the areas look nicer.
after working for many years as a police officer, paul stone drew on his career experience to start up a personal security company for high-profile executives.
 in order for them to provide the necessary benefits, dentists associated with the university's insurance policies must be shown a valid student id card.
cri inc. requires all employees to wear identification badges at all times when inside the plant.
we are grateful to mr. stern for welcoming our associates.
customers with concerns about the safety of the product are advised to call the manufacturer as soon as possible.
library and information science majors should be reminded of the seminar beginning promptly at 6:00 p.m. in room .
tonight's performance is intended to raise awareness about our city's urban renewal initiative.
with the election over, the new candidate could now turn her attention toward solving the unemployment problem.
the initial outlay of assets for the construction of the new streetcar lanes has been cited by newspapers as the main cause of the project's dismissal.
debbie gillespie, chief financial officer of alabaster chemicals ltd., is still optimistic about a favorable budget for the company this fiscal year.
if you wish to speak to me, please make an appointment through my secretary on the 10th floor.
greg o'leary has been leading research in our laboratories for over eighteen years.
while the engineering team's motivation has improved, overall productivity has been in a noticeable decline for the past three years.
the secretary in the 2nd floor office answers e-mails between 8 a.m. and noon.
at yesterday's meeting, staff members were introduced to peter mccabe, the recently appointed manager of the dynasty hotel in washington d.c.
mr. fisher prefers to do his small company's bookkeeping himself instead of hiring an accountant.
local libraries frequently offer reading programs for children and esl for adults.
his invention of more environrnentallyfriendly air-conditioning units has made dr. miles wilder very famous in this city.
mr. kim in the accounting department has the reputation of dealing with any sort of problem, no matter how complicated it is.
local residents are encouraged to attend the unveiling of the new museum.
it is imperative that we fix this problem before we move on to the next one.
the caterer will need approximately one hour to prepare the refreshments for the forum.
only those with a renewed membership card may attend the concert.
most of the doctors were surprised when the patient made a quick recovery from his injuries.
this year's excellent performance has earned our production plant renown in the company.
customers must bring in receipts for their refunds within two weeks of the purchase.
the computer lab will undergo substantial renovations to meet the needs of our school's growing student body.
anyone who purchases a new stove by ctx ltd. this weekend receives a free fourpiece set of stainless-steel saucepans.
the queen of hearts casino will be located somewhere along the new highway.
the itinerary for this week's publishing convention includes a poetry reading and book signing by dwayne t. white on wednesday afternoon and a job fair on friday afternoon.
one of the proposed plans by the chamber of commerce involves an annual agricultural exhibition.
supervisors were expected not only to oversee their workers but to encourage their continued development.
this new software would enable the accounting firm to process accounts more efficiently.
the primary financial concern among our manufacturers is acquiring the necessary resources at a reasonable price.
those employees who cite their salaries as a reason for not renewing their contracts represent only a relatively small number of employees who resign.
questions about production concerns should be directed to ms. helen yan.
as soon as the building permission is granted, the building site will be prepared for construction.
the mild summer weather accounts for the slow business this season.
ms. lucille meyer received recognition for the production changes she proposed.
the board members meet only occasionally , usually only when there is a problem.
while admission to performances is free, theater enthusiasts are encouraged to donate money to show their support.
test 2  customers are advised to double-check their orders to ensure that they will be sent to the correct address.
last week's performance was judged to be a major success even though it received. no local media coverage.
please notify ms. condell that no one has received their paychecks yet.
employees on official business are offered reimbursement for any expenses incurred for meals - related to workshops, business meetings, or company-related events.
underwood energy services inc. offers attractive benefits to full-time employees, including dental insurance.
mr. whatley unintentionally took ms. potvin's timetable, thinking it was his .
since the invention of seatbelts, certain automobile fatalities are now often preventable .
customers at prussian blue books are reminded to keep their receipt as proof of purchase when they place an order.
several staff heads gained a better understanding of the importance of motivation and teamwork from the last workshop.
anyone who experiences complications with the new software is encouraged to bring this matter to mr. gruber's attention in room
attendance is mandatory for the staff meeting scheduled for next tuesday in the council hall.
dr. ketterley is a highly regarded professor of philosophy as well as a skilled orator.
please mark the appropriate box to indicate if the person named above holds any of the certificates listed below.
renovations this summer will increase larchmere concert hall's seating capacity by 80 seats.
the presentation on foreign developments in the fashion industry will include refreshments and a 45-minute question period afterwards.
mr. leavenworth sought tree legal advice online before consulting with his own lawyers.
dr. elizabeth kay was by herself until the arrival of dr. ian desilva at 8:30 a.m.
once a written estimate has been provided to the secretary, she can pass on the information to mr. oliveri.
employee accounts and other related paperwork must be stored under lock and key in the main office.
soaring fuel prices have contributed to manufacturers seeking raw materials from less remote suppliers.
an investment that gradually increases in value over the years can be more profitable than more short-term alternatives.
new department heads must attend meetings frequently in'order to be exposed to new ideas from other team members.
several minor errors with the new software delayed the release date by two months.
our aim is to focus on customers' needs and satisfaction by consistently introducing exceptional goods.
students can enroll in the university's education program starting july 6th.
our firm received compliments from numerous clients for our excellent work over the past twenty years.
beginning next april, financial benefits will be available exclusively to those customers who signed the necessary contract.
hyssop chemists is seeking experienced pharmacists for the eight new locations they have opened this year.
although the concert finished late, the audience still waited for me.
if you wish to make the trip to auckland with the other department heads, please let ms. berlin know immediately.
maurice robertson, once an executive at a small company, became the ceo of bradshaw industries four months ago.
while we still take telephone calls, other forms of correspondence are encouraged to avoid tying up telephone lines unnecessarily.
finding qualified students for this job may be extremely difficult.
ms. julie kennedy and her innovative marketing team have gained renown for creating promotional products for struggling companies.
new customer service personnel are trained to respond to inquiries within a reasonable amount of time.
for the researcher, a properly maintained notebook can be a source of useful information for many years.
alvinson clothiers' branch in milan has been open since last august and is quickly becoming our busiest location.
there will be a panel consisting of pharmaceutical company spokesperson and consumer advocates to debate current health concerns.
please omit incidental details when you are reported the findings revealed at the symposium.
by working with the research department some of the time, the marketing team comes up with fresh ideas for the company's new ads.
test 3  the new zoning laws should greatly improve the traffic congestion problem developing in the suburbs.
mr. ferguson had to inform the secretary that he wouldn't be able to return to work before january 22.
because of the fire in the building, there were an estimated 50 injured people taken to the neighboring hospital.
if you sell your house before the end of this month, your taxes will be reduced by almost 30 percent regarding the sale of your home.
the movie producer was considering doing another film, even though the last one was a disaster.
when interviewed, beverley kirkpatrick explained that an inquisitive nature as a child made her interested in studying journalism.
sea sapphire cruises is pleased to announce the launch of their newest luxury ocean liner.
the president of our company believes that we should take advantage of the increasing preference for products made of recycled materials.
even with our detailed website, many customers prefer to visit our store locations and see the products for themselves .
the grand tuscan theater is currently offering a discount on season tickets.
sales representatives are encouraged to familiarize themselves with the location of various merchandise in the department store.
students are required to provide identification before entering the stacks of macintyre university's library.
newer branches can be opened worldwide as soon as we can properly translate our marketing goals.
the director of the new environmental safety committee, mr. tim chamberlain, has studied both economics and ecological science at north state university.
the document to be copied has already been taken to the office by ms. mccluskey.
the secretary, ms. lucy tran, has been working since 7 a.m. at responding to e-mails.
the blackwell kv, part of our newest series of headphones, is the most advanced model of its kind.
birch mills community weekly is a local newsletter published once a week at the town's main community center.
the manager, mr. farthing, and his assistant, mr. donahue, conducted an impressive inventory check this weekend.
the south greensburg mining company and duchamps inc. settled their dispute at the provincial court of appeals.
ghent maritime cruises' policy of changing plans without notifying passengers of the ensuing delays has cost them many clients.
its expansion into brazil has given darrow textiles ltd. an advantage over much of its competition.
our company's accounting team reported numerous cases of incorrect tax information being given to employees.
even though the new blanco brand of paints met all government standards for safety, it is still toxic if ingested.
indigo electronics' research team recommended developing notebook computers to compete in the national market.
it became apparent that ms. henderson was considering resigning from her position when she began getting sick from workrelated stress.
the price of organic foods is expected to rise dramatically over the next several years because of an increase in demand.
results from last week's lakeside city gazette survey indicate a change in attitudes towards urban gun control laws.
in the near future, trethway ~ineries will consider expanding its share of the ice wine market.
in reservoirs throughout the countryside, increasing levels of acid rain have been detected.
if you did not receive authorization for your order, please contact us at the customer service department.
with the hurricane season over, we can once more expect to see tourists more regularly .
according to his contract, mr. jerry campbell will be working in our software development department for the next two years.
most customers love the product but feel dissatisfied with the price.
the purpose of the frobisher township exhibition is an appeal for funding as part of its commitment to preserve historic landmarks.
hillsboro farms ltd. reported its first decline in profits since starting operations ten years ago.
despite having received additional capital for her business, ms. rita klein still had trouble meeting overhead costs.
our publishing firms use stanley & zimmer co. as our main source of raw supplies.
fruit mart's advertising initiative has been the most persuasive marketing project in our neighborhood.
it has been deemed mandatory that all customers sign a waiver.
test 4  ms. woolner is hoping to change her daily routine to be more conductive to a healthy lifestyle.
she has very high expectations for her new job, although she has only been there for a week.
construction of the new supermarket is expected to last until early september.
regulations have been enacted to ensure that labels on all medications are easily understandable .
although mr. celloni had misplaced ms. atwood's files, he still managed to win her court case.
because of the recent blizzard, students are permitted to submit their essays in the next class.
clients wishing to cancel their appointment must do so within 48 hours to avoid a penalty fee.
the outstanding evaluation from customers helped to ensure that ms. gilmore would stay with the company.
the research team in atlanta has alerted the head office that their reports will be finished shortly .
throughout the past two quarters, development of the new product lines has been running ahead of schedule.
mr. larry davis is considered the most responsible for the recent tax evasion scandal at ross & higgins inc.
west venture trust, formerly known as the western mining company, has expanded its business into finance and rural real estate.
today, our company headquarters are located near the transcontinental bank headquarters, at the corner of cavalry avenue and queen caroline boulevard.
empty boxes should be placed in the stockroom for removal .
furniture from our supply centers can only be ordered either directly over the phone or online.
since the pembroke opera house has limited parking facilities, audience members are encouraged to use the nearby rapid transit system.
please hand your completed application to ms. kim at the human resources department and we shall contact you as soon as possible.
mr. wilt flaherty from the stemcor company finally announced some good news to shareholders at the last meeting.
the monthly meeting is expected to end before 2:00 p.m.
the reliability of our factory equipment is vital for the high quality of our manufactured goods.
ms. chambers intends to finish processing all the accounts by tonight.
there are some updated job ads in the company newsletter in case any employee might know someone who can fill those positions.
construction of the new bank branch was completed on time in spite of the unseasonably wet weather.
intended vacation times require a notification period of at least two weeks in advance .
the government sends teams of inspectors to check the quality of the tap water in both urban and rural counties.
profits fell by 20 percent due to the closure of one of the company's main branches.
unauthorized entry into the building is not permitted, except to guests who have obtained a special security pass.
ms. tomoe has already been to helix labs once , but this will be her first time seeing their testing facilities.
mr. ben shipley will be promoted next month for effectively managing production at our facility in kansas city.
at next november's fort chester telecommunications exposition, ms. wendy wallace will demonstrate the capabilities of the new t notebook computer by treble irie.
a password provided to you by the registrar's office will enable you to access some important student information.
the city's transit commission held a meeting last friday on providing more frequent service to recreational places, such as the zoo, during the summer.
the law firm of bauer and associates will be increasing its current staff by four attorneys and seven law clerks.
a delegation of officers from some american corporations will be attending the future tech expo in japan.
van dusen enterprises is a leader in exploring agricultural innovations that are environmentally friendly and economically beneficial.
to be in compliance with labor standards, hampton pharmacies' offices will have to become wheelchair accessible.
this meeting may take longer than expected if we are going to reach an agreement.
signs must be posted in the elevators that their maximum capacity may not exceed 1, pounds, or  kilograms.
if your washing machine malfunctions, you may replace it with another or get a full refund.
though not a mandatory form of id, a valid driver's license is a readily accepted form of identification.
test 5  the website of harvie publishing ltd. has detailed instructions that can help potential authors locate agents for their manuscripts.
it is a common misconception that running anti-virus software programs and keeping them up to date is enough to protect you from viruses.
due to a recent incident with one of the newly installed elevators malfunctioning, repairmen have been hired to check all of them.
epsilon mining corp. plans to purchase stock from the companies they supply with raw materials.
employees should be aware that staff in the human resources department will be unavailable every weekend this month.
the research and development department has come to the conclusion that customers purchase kitchen appliances more attentively compared to twenty years ago.
the falling price of chinese-made electronics last year has caused a number of companies to plan innovations to their products.
the shipments of air conditioning units are scheduled to arrive at all four of the lahore trading company's supply centers.
we can create a visual identity for your company that is memorable and instantly recognizable to your target market.
with the upgrading of the company website to a simpler format, potential stockholders can find the information they seek more easily .
when completing international orders online, customers must remember the added shipping and handling charges in the total.
because of her finished work ethic, mrs. moon, head of the marketing team, was awarded the frank watkins award in may .
customers who purchase their orders from the website of westminster books receive an automatic discount of at least 10%.
consider volunteering at a nonprofit agency to gain new skills and experience that can help ease your transition into a new job.
once the cause of the flooding on the ground level has been found , the warehouse can resume operations.
the new ceo, patrick sinclair, has requested your presence at the annual company banquet at the end of this month.
after carefully interviewing more than fifty candidates for the position of manager of the biotechnology department, the committee chose dr. alan liu.
none of the serious ideas submitted at the end of each month is ignored .
the cheapest mode of transportation from the airport is the shuttle bus that ferries passengers to the nearest subway station from the airport.
pierce and hewitt telecommunication has developed a computer program that monitors the risks posed by downloaded material.
the newest prototype is expected to give the engineers at nova enterprises a marked advantage over their competition.
customers of kent's hardware have the choice of contacting store locations by phone or through the internet.
asperlode power corp. has agreed to prolong its long-term agreements with one of its suppliers of raw materials.
transportation costs amidst rising oil prices and environmental issues are among the toughest challenges for partridge farms and maple orchard mills.
patterson financial firm's recent acceptance of the international world development award is a well deserved honor for this association.
this year's average customer satisfaction level was below last year's level.
a company picnic is planned for september, when most staff will be back from vacations, although no date has yet been selected.
the airline has recently cautioned passengers about leaving personal items unattended.
employees wishing to receive more information about the newest stock options are advised to make inquiries at the human resources office.
the deal between salten industries and epitwee ventures limited will not be official until signed by both parties next week.
ambercreek is the brand name associated with the most affordable and efficient agricultural machinery in the province.
for the first time in fourteen years at this company, the responsibilities of the head accountant have clearly changed.
manufacturing personnel are directed to read the new instruction manuals before consulting with the engineering department.
a team of ten janitors has been hired for the maintenance of the newest terminal at the airport.
the prime minister's decision to delay the upcoming election for a month will cause significant controversy among lawmakers.
entry-level employees have a tendency to switch positions several times early in their careers in the hopes of finding a job that suits them.
many corporate farms are increasingly reliant on subsidies from the government thanks to fluctuating food prices.
the new management will ask that you please make sure you are aware of the new safety guidelines in the laboratories.
after the surveys were collected, the research department organized them and forwarded the results to the chemistry team on the 3rd floor.
hitchens financial advisors has been hiring accountants of the highest ability.
test 6  on weekends the italian restaurant is often busy all hours of the day and night.
forelli media inc. is an internationally recognized - marketing firm noted for its success throughout europe, east asia, and the americas.
more than  state-owned companies still remain available for privatization, according to the privatization agency.
the wallace goldberg committee of environmental awareness unanimously selected the technical team of walpole enterprises for their annual award.
patients may hang their coats in the closet near the vending machine in the waiting room.
it may take approximately 4 days for international orders to arrive at their destination, depending on the location.
salary increases are verified after an evaluation performed every six months after starting employment.
bancroft weekly will announce the winning entry of the september shakespeare festival.
new owners of century regal's condominiums are advised to become more familiar with the amenities and services available to residents.
cairne fitness centers has decided to open a large facility in manhattan even though its financial situation is unstable because of shifting property values.
most banks are reluctant to loan money to small businesses and that is the big reason for the recession in this country.
bullet hole press specializes in the publication of horror, mystery, and psychological thrillers, so no other genres will be published .
customers should know that ordering one of the new jp- laptops online before december 1st will guarantee that it will arrive prior to the start of the christmas shopping season.
purchasing tickets for rocky multiplexes has become easier than ever thanks to changes made to the theater's website.
several seats in the auditorium may be easily and quickly removed tor the accommodation of wheelchairs.
the total income of many smaller clothing retail franchises reaches over $20 million annually.
the variety of foods at ricotta supermarkets makes it a popular choice among consumers who enjoy preparing international cuisine.
as part of our latest marketing strategy, this coupon allows customers to save more money on purchases made within a certain time period.
changes in automotive technology are making hybrid cars increasingly affordable to more consumers.
your e-mail, while in transit, is potentially visible to anyone outside your enterprise who might have access to your server.
since the supply is limited , all customers are encouraged to make orders as soon as possible.
by the end of next week, all employees must complete an evaluation form.
the chamber of commerce will address concerns about declining investment in the township's newly-constructed industries.
a few vehicles were severely damaged by the recent hailstorm and will have to be replaced immediately.
karen solden will replace harold walker, who is being promoted to a higher position in the company.
the applicants for the research team are asked to wait in room  for their interviews.
contractors will be renovating the office building so that the stockroom will be on the first floor.
registering and shelving new books and other media is now a lengthy process since we are down to seven librarians.
the new, energy-efficient air conditioners have not been installed yet, so employees are permitted to bring in oscillating fans from home in the meantime.
marco polo airlines can upgrade a ticket only if it is more than 48 hours prior to departure time.
seaton landscaping makes sure that customers receive outstanding service for a good price and within a reasonable amount of time.
13?. a new survey by the allentown gazette revealed a strong preference for small, local coffee shops instead of large franchises.
whenever you look to make a deal with anybody, always establish the decisionmaking hierarchy ahead of time.
information on clients of van houten exchange bank remains confidential unless written permission is provided by the individual.
nearly 1, waste tires were diverted from landfill disposal and recycled into rubber to resurface the school track.
the advertising budgets of smaller businesses often leave them without enough exposure in local media.
after making your final decision, please inform the secretary, mrs. chester.
only those applicants who have graduated after four years at an accredited university will be considered for the position.
the business weekly magazine suggested that to avoid shipping problems in the upcoming holiday season, businesses should encourage customers to shop early.
because of operating costs , fayette industries seeks to operate its manufacturing plants in only certain parts of the country.
the price competition between the two companies was intense, but customers benefited from the low-priced products.
once you purchase a carton of milk, you are supposed to store it at a low temperature.
after several board member meetings, the chief executive announced that the company is going to merge with its partner company, kos inc.
although the company's board members decided on a new promotional product, the ceo chose a different one because he thought it would not appeal to the public.
because the price of oil has gone up recently , the demand for hybrid cars has been increasing as well.
despite the fact that the company has held its annual ceremonies at shaneil hall in the past, the new general manager decided to hold the ceremony at a different place this year.
our regular customers are what have been sustaining our sales even though the number of customers has decreased ever since the recession.
as an anthropologist, micky has to travel extensively in order to explore different cultures and traditions around the world.
when john had to decide whether to apply for a new job or keep his old one, he kept his old job because there were not that many job opportunities available.
when kimmy realized that her agent charged her more than what he was supposed to, she hired a lawyer to sue him.
as a response to my proposal, mike simply threw away the notes i brought to him, indicating that he is not satisfied with my ideas.
the entire company had to be inspected because the ceo was sued for inappropriate usage of the company's funds.
experienced workers always have a better chance at getting a job and also a higher salary.
jane always wondered if she would have been more successful if she had completed graduate school.
pointing at the book in front of him, peter said, " this is the book that inspired me to study science."
from the time i lost my job, i've been constantly looking at the career section of the newspaper, but haven't been able to find anything.
although the note said "please handle with caution ,"most of the workers were handling it as if it was some kind of toy.
workers who have not yet paid the entrance fee to the summer conference are required to do so by the end of the day.
all the interns are required to wear special aprons, gloves and goggles prior to entering the laboratory.
since the climate control system has finally been repaired, the ice age section of the museum will be reopening shortly .
jack's boss dislikes the way he works because he works without putting any effort into it.
mr. jones started his own business last january and it is already turning a healthy profit.
the stores in this area are generally closed after 6 p.m., but they were open until 9 p.m. tonight because of the upcoming long weekend.
diesel engine cars are preferred in asian countries due to their high torque and high oil efficiency.
confused by the two very close locations of the companies, john had trouble finding the place, which resulted in him being late on his first day at work.
as long as parker keeps up his good work, his boss is planning on promoting him next month.
because the demand for electricity has increased, the government is looking for an alternative way to produce more power.
although there are many respected role models among the executives at the company, employees tend to only pay attention to the few bad examples.
considering the size of the company in the preceding year, bhw corporation has made tremendous progress.
the company registered the copyright for its new product so that no other companies could create a similar product.
the congestion of blood vessels that often results in serious health issues can be genetically passed on to the next generation.
at the fall conference, retiring employees were recognized for having made a huge contribution to the company for more than 30 years.
during his visit to the company factories, mr. van wyk also briefly visited with local town leaders in order to gain their trust.
although the company sent a formal letter indicating that the leaking building should be fixed as soon as possible, the building owner didn't even respond to it.
chandler offered a great deal to his partner company, but it was rejected because they had already signed a contract with another company.
according to nfa rules, football players must be outfitted with proper equipment, including shoulder pads and a helmet.
a representative from bhy explained that the recent recall of its tires would not adversely affect sales.
the new members of the board should familiarize themselves with the company's employees so that they can provide a more friendly work environment.
the industrial engineers realized that the procedure that the factory was currently going through was wasteful and needed some changes.
by the time the company launched its new products, it was already too late to make a significant impact on the market.
since she's running late for her meeting downtown, ms. joyce will have to catch a taxi.
as all our locations are individually owned and operated, prices will vary from location to location.
dr. teitelbaum asked his assistant to type the report for tomorrow morning's meeting.
between april 2nd and april 11th, the merewether library will be closed for renovations.
over $5 million was paid for the construction of this office building.
anne farnsworth always tries to interview potential employees as thoroughly as possible.
once mr. mirren successfully completes his studies and necessary training, he may come and work for our corporation.
all work after 9 p.m. is considered overtime according to your contract.
under the direction of dr. veracini, cascadia chamicals inc. has patented several formulas and signed some lucrative contracts with other companies.
while mr. christopher bloom is in new york to meet with an important client, he may attend a few financial investment seminars.
borrowing library materials without the necessary identification is not allowed.
standard procedures when performing certain experiments in the laboratory have changed over the past twenty years.
graduates from the melrose college of technology often make valuable contributions in several fields, including engineering, computer sciences, and astronomy.
large packages will be delivered to the stockroom in the northwest corner of the building.
the two competing software programs were determined to be equally effective in making filing taxes from home an easy task.
mr. keating, the ceo, has expressed concern about rising fuel prices on our ability to efficiently transport raw materials.
the expected delivery date was moved ahead by one week because of a minor computer error.
ms. jane millard will be the guest lecturer at a series of seminars on ethical journalism.
public health and obesity experts are getting increasingly worried about the number of studies being funded by food and beverage companies.
customers who want a refund must return with the merchandise and the receipt within 30 days of purchase.
the research team implemented several policies on how sensitive issues should be tackled.
ms. yamaha was responsible for the successful funding campaign at the new business college.
poplar mills inc. has been purchasing more arable land, hoping to increase not only production but also its competitiveness in the nation's grocery stores.
when passengers board the plane, flight attendants are expected to politely greet them.
our new website allows us to keep track of all orders.
the initial shipment of desktop computers should arrive on march 23rd.
when handling large funds, bank employees are required to check the statements carefully to make sure that everything is correct.
if you make an error on the application form, it is advised that you discard it and obtain a new copy at the front desk.
on the municipality's website one can read reviews of some of the city's finest restaurants.
dr. renault reassured the company's president that the research department will definitely reach this year's goals with the allotted funding.
to increase your chances of obtaining your accommodation in a hotel of your choice, kindly return the form as soon as possible.
after arriving at the office at 8 a.m., ms. mcallister begins her day by preparing the necessary client files for that day.
the phalanx bus co. reminds passengers to kindly refrain from propping their feet against the seat in front of them.
her outstanding work with the branch in san francisco has earned ms. sosa a welldeserved promotion.
mr.kim's acceptance of this award is all the more remarkable when we realize that he has not worked in the field of digital multimedia's technology.
the peterson-jaffe wedding day is securely approaching, but the caterers haven't started working on it yet.
doctors at stephen mallory memorial hospital claim that cases of food poisoning caused by improper storage are becoming more frequent .
we will process your deposit after proper notification from the other bank.
bruce and kate french have decided to quit their old jobs at citadel financial and start a financial consulting business of their own .
sav inc. will be discontinuing production of one of their trademark products.
when you need supplies, file a request with the office manager.
the bell captain suggested that more porters be hired.
the last train to hamburg departs at 10:30.
the vice-president will be seated by the chairman at the banquet.
the manager got his staff to work last weekend.
the newspaper expects circulation to increase next year.
the head of operations is going to the management convention.
reductions in the budget require us to limit our costs for international travel.
the ticketholders may be confused about the change in date.
ms. mosley is the most creative member of our advertising team.
mr. cruz needs someone to assist him with the conference display.
the stapler is on the desk.
each passenger's name is listed with his or her cabin number.
if the delivery is late, we will pay the shipping charges.
the bus will leave promptly at 8:30.
the ship's captain requests that all passengers review emergency procedures.
ms. friel knew about her promotion before it was announced.
all travel arrangements must be completed by december 5.
the airport was busier than mr. debionne had expected.
a firm will not prosper if its employees are unhappy.
at midnight, the second shift of security guards comes on duty.
ms. najar wants to finalize the costs by tonight.
ms. yu has suggested hiring more reservation clerks.
a customer service representative is always available at our catalogue number.
can you meet with us at 11:00?
the manager suggested organizing a research team.
the receptionist takes a message if you do not answer your phone.
a list of compatible software is included with your new computer.
the price of all cruises includes airfare and all transfers.
because we were late, we could not enter the conference hall.
hotel employees are required to knock before entering the rooms.
visitors are reminded to wear name tags at all times.
mr. nolde called to cancel his appointment
a manager can sometimes learn new things from his or her staff.
the budget analysis is due on friday.
please use the, enclosed envelope for your reply.
we cannot ship the order now because our inventory is low.
the technicians in the research division are keeping the process confidential.
our service technicians receive the best training available.
your room has been reserved for two nights.
the seminar was canceled because the invitations were not printed in time.
this product has always been considered our most popular item.
budget meetings are held every'week in the conference room.
an administrative assistant keeps an office running smoothly
a record of complaints is kept in the purser's office.
the person who lost a briefcase may claim it in the lobby.
salespeople who attract new clients receive a bonus.
many customers have requested that they receive notice of our sales.
the status report and the financial projections were both late.
the message is on mr. moriwaki's answering machine.
many subscribers have requested that we mail the journals to their offices.
because none of us were familiar with the city, mr. gutman drove us to the meeting.
the auditor discovered that the accountant had not been depositing the checks into the correct account.
the trainers for the seminar had the crew move their equipment to the conference center.
mr. cain will return your call as soon as he arrives.
the travel agent persuaded us to take an evening flight.
the train from madrid arrives at noon.
the clerk borrowed the computer manual from the secretary.
if there were some restaurants near the hotel, the tourist would not have to take taxis.
pens and stationery are kept in the top drawer.
the new insurance plan is especially popular with employees who have families.
you should check your messages twice a day
the operator would call mr. smith if she knew where to reach him.
the company is including spouses of employees in the invitation to the banquet.
we cannot process the order until we get a copy of the purchase order.
the package should arrive on tuesday.
the company has quit advertising in that magazine.
hiring temporary workers can be very economical
mr. ho's assistant answered his mail while he was away.
the bookcase is beside the door.
because it was mr. guiton's birthday, his staff took him to lunch.
ms. franklin directed a very successful project.
the airport taxes are included in the ticket price.
new paint and pictures will make the office look better.
the president had her travel agent make the reservations.
please leave your luggage beside the bus for loading.
the cruise handbook explains all ship policies.
the fax was not received because the fax number was wrong.
a good waiter is never too busy to explain the menu.
participants who fly to the convention can get a group rate.
inter coast airlines' flight to seoul has been delayed.
the finance committee will meet again on the eighth of may.
the construction of the new building will start next month.
the itinerary is filed with the cruise list.
please call me any time if i can help you.
the laundry bag is inside the cabinet.
the corporate office is located in the jamieson building.
the conference that was scheduled for next week has been postponed.
the purser got his assistant to conduct the passenger orientation.
please use the parking spaces designated for visitors.
mr. hatori was very excited when he got a promotion.
before she left the ship, the purser signed out.
ask the accounts receivable clerk to send the invoice.
if the product were not safe, we would not sell it.
the meeting will be held on thursday.
our company stands for quality and design.
this list of contributors is more current than that one.
the ship's restaurant is located on the sun deck.
the secretary was composing a letter when the computer crashed.
the intern had never used a fax machine before.
the conference's keynote speaker addressed various impacts of digital technology on the current music industry.
the initial outlay of assets for the construction of the new streetcar lanes has been cited by newspapers as the main cause of the project's sdismissal.
customers who purchase more than  dollars worth of items can request an hdtv cable box at no additional charge.
the unions requested that they be offered substantial pay increase equaling about 40, dollars a year.
one of the most worrying consequences of worldwide climate change is the steady rise of sea levels.
people unanimously agreed that john would have performed a great deal better under more favorable circumstances.
the office manager is responsible for supporting staff members and ensuring that their work is done efficiently.
considering her ability, dedication, and expertise, i am confident that ms. yoko will be the most suitable person for the position of marketing manager.
the information you provide on this questionnaire is strictly confidential and will not be shared with any other vendors.
a minor electrical malfunction was discovered by the pilot shortly before the plane took off.
we will make the final decision about changing the landscaping of the property after reviewing the estimated costs.
myhealth co. has produced a wide range of vitamin supplements for over two decades.
following ms. rivera's brief statement, the official awards ceremony for plex industries will commence.
the master gardeners club had to postponed its monthly meeting because the community center's conference room was double-booked.
the short story cannot be reprinted without explicit permission from the writer.
because of rising fuel costs, some people are choosing to stay home for the summer vacation rather than drive to tourist sites.
two items in ms. burke's order were out of stock, so her invoice was adjusted accordingly
artists wanting to participate in the contest should submit their work by the deadline of june 30.
the company plans on reimbursing the salespeople for the expenses they incurred while attending the conference.
the monthly staff dinners give employees from different departments the chance to interact with each other on a personal level.
eco unite is a non-profit organization dedicated to educating the public about the environmental issues.
even though ms. garcia had a small account at the financial institution, the employee treated her as if she were a major investor.
the witness saw only a solitary figure standing near the lamppost shortly before the crime was committed.
upon auditing the financial records of rockford consulting, the accountant will submit an official report.
all of the trees on the property were damaged in the storm except the one near the rear entrance.
mr. hotei had to undergo several medical tests before receiving his diagnosis from the physician.
the library has requested funding for automatic doors for the convenience of patrons.
an additional route was added to the rail line to reduce travel times in the southern region
during the holiday season, schwartz department store will carry special make-up gift sets.
the air conditioner can precisely monitor the humidity level in a room.
banks nationwide have been raising interest rates on housing loans incrementally over the last five years.
staff functions for workers in the city council department are usually held in the office lounge, but special events are occasionally hosted in restaurants or hotels.
customer service representatives at nq corp typically respond to client inquires within three days.
although mola's skin cream is only marginally more effective than competing brands, many customers prefer it.
the gift shop on baker street is popular with customers because it is conveniently located, and its products are relatively inexpensive.
cell phone users who frequently send text messages should take advantage of the new plan being offered by the wireless carrier.
because ms. ruiz's artwork is made entirely from reused materials, she has won awards from environmental organizations.
employees should be back in the conference room by 10:00 am, as the meeting will resume promptly once the manager has arrived.
the company has recently hired some new staff, so a gathering to introduce them will be held at the cafeteria.
ms. roberts is skilled at training incoming staff because she has been working in the human resources division for more than a decade.
when the entrepreneur checked the requirements listed on the web site, he learned that he was eligible for a loan.
the equipment the laboratory ordered from japan is compatible with the machines it currently uses.
though the official announcement has not been made yet, the tickets are likely to go on sale about the musical performance.
according to cubicle suppllly's web site, shoppers who make a purchase of $ or more are exempt from all shipping and handling charges.
ms. stein accepted the job offer as the company is willing to let her work from home when needed.
the proposed change to the regulation regarding carbon emissions from factories is subject to review by the ministry of the environment.
the library is not responsible for your personal possessions, so please do not leave your belongings unattended.
the directors of coleman legal services are concerned about the recent loss of several prominent clients to a competing law firm.
the blue ribbon corporation is dedicated to providing consistent, timely, and quality service to customers.
mr. sim needs a more reliable vehicle for commuting from his suburban home to his office downtown.
before mr williams addressed the audience, he showed a brief video about the engine he had designed.
the company started to recognize the increasing importance of using resources responsibly.
aurora furnishings is finding it difficult to make a point in its increasingly competitive market.
the conference was attended by more than once hundred management executives last week.
i listened carefully to my opponent's arguments before presenting my own.
we can't afford to make the types of mistakes that we have been making.
i am genuinely looking forward to meeting our new ceo.
i need to get the proposal back which i sent you last week.
my boss is intimidated by the general manager.
due to our decreased revenue, we have been forced to reduce expenses.
i want you to be home before the clock strikes ten.
no matter what happens, i'll have my report on your desk by friday morning.
employees were allowed to invite three guests to the company picnic, such as their spouse or other family members.
it looks like you could use some help preparing for the conference.
the first thing most employers look for in an employee is a good attitude
contrary to common belief, africa is well endowed with abundant natural resources, from it's natural biological resources to its vast mineral riches.
mr. armstrong is expected to take charge of the newly built factory that specializes in manufacturing all kinds of antique furniture.
the advertising company has chosen to expand its business into china because of its strong economy and abundant human resources.
many studies have proven that eating at fast-food restaurants more than twice per week is associated with more weight gain in otherwise healthy young adults.
although steve pearson used to work as a statistical analyst for a private corporation, he is now a financial consultant for the government.
harry worthing gave a short presentation on the effect of the recent drop in oil prices on our investment plans in the middle east.
if you travel frequently, find an agency that will change one foreign currency directly into another
all managers selected for product demonstrations at the trade show must always speak clearly
indianola was chosen as the convention site because its software development complex is conveniently located near the airport
he enclosed catalogue will help you make the right decision about the best tools for your needs.
because we buy this magazine in bulk quantities, we get a considerable discount on the cover price.
cobalt jewelry deals in some wholesale and special order sales at well below the price offered by most jewelry stores.
because friday is a holiday, it will be necessary to finalize the new schedule by thursday.
the final report should be based on the more recent findings rather than on the data collected a few months ago.
indianola was chosen as the convention site because its software development complex is conveniently located near the airport.
you no longer need to enter your account number unless you wish to change the information included under your user name.
although recognized as an inherently risky line of work, many young people are now training to become professional firefighters.
if you travel frequently, find an agency that will change one foreign currency directly into another
the conference's keynote speaker addressed various impacts of digital technology on the current music industry.
the president has just realized that the launch of our new product must be postponed owing to unfavorable conditions in the market.
the organizing committee decided to allocate specific tasks to members to achieve its goals more effectively
transportation costs amidst rising oil prices and environmental issues are among the toughest challenges for partridge farms and maple orchard mills.
when filling out the order form, please write your address clearly to prevent delays.
the building owner purchased the property just three months ago, but she has already spent a great deal of money on renovations.
the final selections for regional sales manager submitted by the hiring committee include three candidates already working within the company.
their latest proposal includes one of the most unusual business strategies they have ever considered adopting.
we have always laid stress on maintaining the most professional standards when conducting business with our associates.
due to the fact that different prices affect different people, there are many varying measures of inflation in use.
when budget the amount of money you can live on, don't include dollars that you can't be sure you'll receive, such as year-end bonuses and tax refunds.
the ceo advised the assistant manager to conduct performance reviews for all sales agents at the chicago office.
the chemistry between the lead actors is good, but the outdated canadian cliches displayed throughout the movie sometimes were a bit too much for audience.
charies lazarus initially founded the toy business, which is now know as toys "r" us, in washington dc during the postwar baby boom era in .
not surprisingly, the extra features on this cell phone, including its gps function and video games, sharply increased its price.
the termination of the agreement forced ms. zhang to negotiate a new contract with the owner of the raw materials supplier.
conflicts often take place in the fashion industry because intellectual property is not enforced as it is in the film industry and music industry.
managers need to know what motivates their employees to keep them committed to their organization.
treating employees respectfully with dignity will build strong rapport between companies and their own workers.
fast food giant mcdonald's corp has said it will accelerate its expansion into the asian market in a move to boost growth.
the ceo briefed the members of the board in an informal session on a wide range of issues.
it is clear that with the glut of digital products coming to the market, the electronics industry is entering a challenging phase.
the city's roads are usually very crowded during rush hours, due to an increase in car ownership in recent years.
having finished all their work, all staff involved in the project was given one week vacation.
the company won itself an enviable reputation in hong kong in the mid-s as the territory's number one it hr recruitment firm.
contrary to common belief, africa is well endowed with habitual natural resources, from it's natural biological resources to its vast mineral riches.
how national auto suppliers will be restructured depends heavily on this quarter's financial results.
sam could not pay back the money he owed the bank and ultimately defaulted on his loan.
a decrease in the number of nursing home residents has been attributed to seniors over the age of 65 being healthier and wealthier.
have you interviewed any qualified applicants for the translator position?
not only are distributors allowed to decide their own prices, they can also choose how to position the products to their clients.
the technology sector of the economy achieved enormous growth during the nineties.
the shareholders had the option of reinvesting the capital from the dividend payout.
we need someone to take over the training program next year.
our estimate is based on the current cost of materials, which may change by the time of production.
attending the quarterly seminar on customer service was helpful for the staff members of moon river hotel.
as the cost getting the printer repaired was nearly the same as its original price, management chose to purchase a new model.
the lipstick samples were sent back to the manufacturer when it was discovered that a number of the products cases were damaged.
rick has done such a good job this year that he has been promoted to assistant marketing director.
the price of a bond depends on several factors , including it's yield.
for many middle-aged-people when it comes to preparing for retirement, they are not quite sure about how much money they should save and spend.
dell, one of the biggest computer makers, decided to lay off some 8, employees over the next year as part of an going restructuring project.
all the staff members will have an opportunity to express their opinions about the design of the new factory before construction begins.
had he set out by taxi rather than by bus, john could have reached the bank in time for the money transfer.
for the sake of efficiency, you are supported to turn in your proposal by next monday morning at the latest.
in the western world, second only to new year's day, christmas is perhaps the most widely celebrated holiday.
passengers on the aircraft are asked to secure their belongings during takeoff and landing.
because of a dramatic increase in profits this quarter, tyro sportswear employees will receive their first-ever year-end bonus.
arcosa design ltd. offers digital and print design services that fit the individual client's requirements.
the company-sponsored five-kilometer run will be held on october 15, and all employees are invited to participate.
major industries in this district include food processing and aircraft manufacture
by the time clear blaze technology's word processing program goes on the market, software engineers will have corrected its remaining flaws.
i am writing on behalf of mr. william to inform you of the alteration in the date of our meeting in tokyo.
the county commission is still waiting for word from the kansas city railroad company concerning repairs needed to be done at three crossings.
the managers hope that the new plan will increase sales both in the coming year and beyond
graduates holding an mba degree are less competitive these days due to growing skepticism about the value of the education.
the market research report was full of compelling predictions about exchange rates that later proved completely wrong.
after graduating from laccord university, jing xiong worked for osiris financial service.
ulrich electronics will provide free beyond of any entertainment system by june 30.
according to the terms of the contract, mulz janitorial service will clean all offices in the lundquist building daily.
based on the overwhelming number of advance ticket sales, we expect to see record attendance levels at this year's festival in donegal.
the environmental protection plans submitted to the council were developed by various organizations working independently of each other.
please make a note of your customer and receipt numbers in case you need to contact us about your order.
dairy exports account for only five percent of country's total agricultural sales.
the procedure for taking a holiday includes filling out a vacation request form.
director tim crane is in town attending multiple gatherings to promote his most recent movie.
to ensure the assembly workers remain productive , the supervisor asks them not to chat during the work hours.
staff members are required to follow the current regulation as written in the employee manual unless otherwise indicated by their supervisors.
after giving the team their assignment, the project manager left them to figure out a strategy on their own
to be eligible for the corporate shareholder's program, you must have been working here for at least three consecutive years.
maria has been provisionally appointed to serve as the chairperson for the treasury committee, but the position will not be permanently filled until later this month.
the manufacturer of these digital cameras guarantees the quality of materials and labor for a period of one year from the date of purchase.
gmail subscribers can now select a korean interface to give them easier access to the e-mail services in the language of their choice
prolonged exposure to noise at these levels can permanently damage the bones of the middle ear and the nerves of the inner ear.
the lecture last week was especially useful to the public relations team because it outlined the company's position on environmental responsibility.
following weeks of negotiations , the three major companies in the city's jewelry industry have agreed to meet for talks on product inflation rates.
our corporation grants employees an additional day of leave for every weekend training workshop they attend.
for traveler's convenience, a ticketing agent is available in the main terminal 24 hours a day, 7 days per week.
some merchandise contained in the magazine may not be in stock at the warehouse.
to promote the use of recycled paper, the natural resources department decided to fund up to 30 percent of the cost of using recycled stationary for participating businesses.
the team leaders are responsible for ordering safety hats, gloves, vests, and other facilities for their construction crews.
the union leader has been the person who reached out to a diverse group of workers for the past decade.
if the product is not under guarantee but is repairable, a repair quote will be proposed before repairs begin.
we provide not only home security systems but also commercial security, considering security cameras, access control, and fire monitoring.
due to the strike at the world library in cleveland, the conference that was to be held there has been postponed
all rental fees must be paid 30 days prior to the event, or the event is subject to cancelation.
owing to unprecedented demand for the award -winning book, all copies are currently sold out.
once the sales interns have completed their training program, their personnel profiles will be updated accordingly.
cdu insurance is committed to offering its customers the highest level of care and customer service possible.
the traffic policy formulated by the city council to relieve traffic jams in the commercial district will be implemented as planned next month.
you cannot access the building unless you have been authorized by a member of the security team.
company executives are currently reviewing the annual budget requirements submitted to them by the financial planning department.
the physical therapy association is committed to keeping costs affordable for its certification programs.
wynson containers is implementing a yearly shutdown of its factory so that it can be evaluated for safety and efficiency.
hotels and universities are eligible to recycle their used mattress through city's recycling program.
reliability and cost factored equally in choosing cantavox as our main supplier.
mr khana made a phone call yesterday during which he apologized for the delay in the shipment of the clothing order.
our newest executive assistant will be responsible for coordination between the marketing and accounting departments.
mr. june consistently offers an analytic view during the team's weekly meetings.
if you are the last person in the office at night, please check that the copier is turned off before you leave.
our team has designed several delicious food and beverage options to make your experience at mosaic stadium a memorable one.
due to the unprecedented demand for our services, we will no longer be able to accept new orders.
anyone interested in volunteering to help out with the annual fun-run event is encouraged to contact ms.williams, the event coordinator.
cancelation of a reservation must be made at least 72 hours before your scheduled arrival date; otherwise, a charge will be incurred.
mrs. davies is an exceptionally skilled copywriter and fantastic addition to the team.
the superiority of orange ltd.'s product has earned it an enviable position among its competitors.
the new product caused a great sensation among the customers, and sales exceeded our expectations.
to ensure your personal wellbeing, you should take short breaks from your desk regularly
tim anderson will no longer be a member of the board, effective immediately.
please subscribe to our monthly newsletter if you would like to learn about all the latest deals.
ms. duncalf is currently in charge of the firm's osaka branch and manages all activities in the area.
unless another suitable applicant is found, mr.joh ns will be transferred to the office in china.
we provide not only home security systems but also commercial security, including security cameras, access control, and fire monitoring.
many fans were shocked when the team captain, john turner, signed a two-year contract with a rival team for an undisclosed amount.
according to a national survey conducted by interland travels, spain was the most popular destination for vacationers this year.
additional measures will have to be implemented in the plant quarantine section at houston airport in order to prevent the spread of the new crop disease.
smoking is prohibited both side and outside the building except in the designated areas.
dr. fergusson will be the new industrial physician for autocross industries starting from next year.
the corporate medical insurance policy covers the medical expenses of not only the employees but also their spouses and children.
the upgraded printing system that has been released by yaletown solutions features greater maintenance efficiency compared to previous models.
mr.jones is expected to be relocated to the office in china unless another suitable candidate is found.
the organizing committee decided to allocate specific tasks to members to achieve its goals more effectiveness
the mountain routes are shut down this winter owing to the extreme snowfall in november.
miners at iron supplies co. will soon have to pursue other job opportunities because the local mines are closing down.
the latest training guide contains tips on teaching a second language to international students.
gourmet fresh sales manager peter wong said the business had grown mostly by word of mouth.
since mr. kane is on vacation until next week, all product inquiries should be made to mr. park in the customer service department.
the system failure hit an integral part of longbeach industry's business operations, which causes them to stop all orders for 24 hours.
the government will implement new policies today to obtain information about the entrepreneurs operating businesses online.
any employers or contractors who are found to have breached safety laws will be subject to a heavy fine.
mr. ashburton has been highly recommended by all three of his references.
mr. choi wants to know when the illustrations will be ready for his review.
smooth tek's newest software makes it much easier for business owners to create newsletters.
by opening offices in london, paris, and madrid, sedgehill ltd. has continued its growth into markets overseas.
if the kiln's heat is set too high, the ceramic objects inside may be ruined.
the national overview is the fourth most widely distributed newspaper in the northeastern region.
two years ago, some of the athletes left school to pursue a professional career or the olympics.
a road collapse hascaused traffic delays on the main route between mildura and merbein.
ms. kim asks that the marketing team e-mail the final draft to her before 5 p.m.
during her vacation, janet traveled to hong kong, taipei, and shanghai.
travel expenses should be submitted no later than 30 calendar days after returning from a business trip.
customers must contact the manufacturer directly for all warranty and repair issues.
before you can enterthe building, you must show both your passport and your airline ticket, so have them ready.
our employee motivation program can boost employee morale and decrease employee turnover.
california employers should familiarize themselves with significant labor and employment laws passed by the legislature in .
companies often send out their free samples with discount coupons to encourage consumers to buy their products.
it is common practice for a firm to seek a competitive advantage in order to maintain its position in the marketplace.
since no more information has been released, the game will probably not come out this year or even next year.
the bids must be reviewed by the engineers to make sure all engineering specifications for the project are met.
library users must remove all personal belongings when they leave the library for more than a half hour.
the new management recognized the importance of this business decision and promptly reorganized operational procedures.
please complete all the questions contained on the claim form and provide a signature where requested.
the emphasis has always been on ensuring a consistently high level of quality and outstanding service.
without presenting a valid parking permit, employees cannot park their cars on company property.
visible from anywhere in the city, the tower stands in the very center of the turpis territory.
at the current speed of production, supreme tech is not able to manufactureenough products to meet the demands of our purchase orders.
people in ny are healthier because they walk a few blocks every day since the roads are usually crowded with cars and taxis.
any questions related to our products or services may be addressed to ms. davis.
at this point, northeast suggests that we delay the start of our road work until gas prices settle down.
marc ecko is rumored to be close to signing a deal with the licensing firm, icon ix.
one of the duties of library assistants is to shelve books returned by borrowers or used by readers within the library.
bananas imported from the philippines are dominating supermarket shelves reportedly due to their attractive appearance.
mr. brown gave a bleak view of the christmas retail sales picture before announcing sales figures a week ago.
public and private investments are moving ahead rapidly as the country has shown a great commitment to stability and low inflation.
one possible outcome of the current economic recession is that the growth of merger activity will slow down.
most of the companies surveyed attributed their growth to marketing and sales strategies.
we haven't heard from them yet even though we sent an email for a quote of their product prices.
they can print more quality prints than most other printing stores, not to mention faster and better.
we are pleased to announce that the eagerly anticipated tablet computer brochure has now been launched on our website.
visitors to the central area are invited to visit central ottage, one of the few historic spots in the otherwise modern town of joplin.
pay per click advertising makes it easy to track how your advertising and marketing efforts are going.
the contributions made by dr. victor hettigoda to the product development research were commended by her boss.
the design of the proposed project is one of the criteria the committee will evaluate in determining the recipient of the state grant.
the company will recall all its products from retailers' shelves because of allergy concerns.
by the time mr. greenfield returns from his business trip, the company's new pol icy will have been decided .
there has been so much fluctuation in the demand for high-priced luxury cars that a few companies are introducing a wide range of price options.
note that the hotel's pool and pool deck will be closed until construction on them is completed later this month.
aster broadcasting group announced yesterday that it expects the semiconductor market to enter full recovery mode next year.
instructors wishing to place materials on reserve at the library should fill out a reserve request form.
this apartment complex has an attractive exterior design and stylish interior furnishings.
the public is invited to attend the dinner event, with proceeds from ticket sales benefiting a bmx scholarship fund.
he regularly delivers keynote speeches and holds workshops on customer satisfaction strategy and the building of profitable customer relationships.
attendees will be required to workboth alone and in groups when performing study sample analyses.
unfortunately, with the rise of the popularity of soft drinks, tea is not as popular as it used to be.
as demand for their wheat-based products falls, local producers earn less and the total income of the country declines.
ottawa police chief vern white has congratulated mr. mcdonald for securing $1 million for the city's drug treatment initiative.
ms. james stated that everyone must work together to make sure the committee is effective.
when you are buying an adjustable bed, you should consider specific features such as bed height, size, material, and warranty.
currently, there is an increasing demand for internet access across the telecommunications industry.
needs assessment can help you identify areas for improvement and ultimately help you realize your goals moreefficiently .
favera pharmaceuticals sales representatives must keep careful records of samples distributed and orders taken from physicians and clinics.
the application process is highly competitive with only 5% of applicants ultimately selected for positions.
the hotel installed a touchscreen computer to help guests locate a restaurant, get weather updates, or obtain other useful information.
this waste-to-energy power plant is the product of a technologically-advanced process set to achieve outstanding environmental and economical performances.
sales of ferrer industry's tractors frequently increase during the autumn harvest season.
it is advisable to keep your operating system and software updated for optimal computer performance and security.
after attending an exhibition on traditional handicrafts at the victoria museum in london, a young unknown designer named laura ashley was inspired to make her own quilts.
mr. henny convincingly presented the argument that the pricing policy of the retailer would be the financial ruin of the company.
if the employee or employer terminates the contract of employment without giving advance notice, they will have to pay the other party a sum equivalent which matches the employee's salary.
all employees are entitled to have a fair and equal opportunity to be considered for advancement to management positions.
although initial findings are encouraging, further research is needed to determine the effectiveness of the advertising campaign.
i've read a couple of different,articles on franklin roosevelt, who was a much bolder president than barack obama has been so far.
the front desk staff requests photo identification if a visitor to the chicago graphics offices is not holding a valid pass.
the textcom software from hahn-keller corporation will allow users to automate numerous repetitive tasks.
all employees are asked to turn off the lights when exiting a vacant room to conserve electricity.
an analysis of monthly sales figures is essential to setting future revenue goals.
in this extensively researched study, good jobs shows that thote ltd. has received more than $1 billion in economic development subsidies from state and local governments across the country.
the charity classic committee chose to honor him for all of the support he has given the saint joseph medical center throughout the years.
with 1 o years of experience in the field, carolyn snyder is an internationally recognized merger and acquisition consultant.
although most of the consumers surveyed said they understood the importance of the new healthcare reform policy, many wereunfamiliar with the details of that policy.
corsica is an undeniable paradise for enthusiasts of sea and water sports, as well as for hiking.
mr. powers has asked that the board of directors consider the issues, strategies and solutions identified in response to the nhhrc final report.
additional funds are needed for one previously approved project in order to complete the construction contract.
with beautiful and panoramic views, the hotel's terrace can accommodate up to  people whereas the lounge can only accommodate up to 70 people.
during a recent test drive around boston, it became clear there will be a strong market for the car, which is manufactured by daimler ag, the maker of mercedes-tote vehicles.
neither personal checks nor credit cards will be accepted as payment for the products.
due to his impressive qualifications and experience, rajan was offered interviews with three of australia's top food companies.
anyone who wants to participate in the meeting is expected to send an e-mail to the following address within the next two weeks.
the introduction of debit cards gave consumers even more flexibility with their money, allowing them to withdraw cash from both atms and bank tellers.
his goal has always been to provide the best possible service to his customers.
failure to deliver your merchandise by the estimated delivery date will give customers the right to cancel their order without written consent.
the supervisor of the marketing department, ms. smith, provided all the statistics that were needed for the report.
it appears that chef roberts has succeeded in opening a third restaurant which will match the quality of his other two locations.
unusually cold weather over the past two months has caused gas shortages as distribution networks have struggled to meet demand.
purchase order organizer software is a flexible sales and purchase record management utility that keeps track of all business-related activities in an efficient manner.
to avoid additional charges and the embarrassment of repacking at the airport, please make sure you weigh your luggage before leaving home.
derek's sporting goods now has over  stores conveniently located in more than 40 states across the country.
the thoth foldable chair requires some assembly but detailed instructions are provided.
a market study by the arc advisory group predicts that the geospatial industry will grow by 50% over the next five years.
mr. forbes has yet to make his official school-sponsored visit to california, though he is planning to make it the first week of september.
driveagain is an organization dedicated to helping people with injuries, disabilities or driving challenges regain their driving independence.
the seminar concluded with discussions on research topics that need to be addressed further.
once the position has been filled, all the other applicants will be notified.
most importantly, clients of toka can use this product at the same cost as traditional environmentally-unfriendly materials.
the district rules assessment team coordinated an extensive evaluation of performance standards and emerging technologies.
the director of the planning department commended mr. ken seo tor how skillfully he drew up the blueprints tor the newly proposed power plant.
we take every appropriate measure to ensure that your personal information is kept secure .
sign up to receive our tree newsletter and you will automatically receive update notifications and other news via e-mail.
there are quite a few great shops which are all across walking distance.
become a member of thrifty asia.com and be entitled to discounts everywhere in asia!
personal information gathered about customers interested in leasing a solar panel system is only accessible to appropriate personnel.
the management expects that revenue from online games and advertising will increase in the second quarter compared to the prior quarter.
provisions of the new national health reform law could reduce patientreliance on emergency departments tor non-urgent health problems.
there are currently only a limited number of manufacturers able to supply tb products with sufficient guarantees of safety and efficacy.
when compared with the traditional method of cleaning by wet mopping, the new method was significantly more effective in removal of microbial contamination.
the government will implement new policies today to obtain information about entrepreneurs operating businesses on line.
as rochester's product line continued to grow, so did the company's space needs.
our fitness staff are appreciative of your interest and participation in their respective classes.
the r&d department has reservations about conducting the new research because of budget cuts within the company.
in order to reserve tickets for this event, please fill in the form below and your tickets will be emailed to you.
opera's free and innovative web browser allows you to experience the web on your own terms.
national fertilizers provided by true organic food can be distinguished by their green labels.
gardens will also be featured as a tour optionduring the conference on friday.
before gallux corporation was rated as one of the best telecommunications companies in the country, ithad not considered expanding its operations worldwide.
this study follows yet another which carried out numerous investigations into using a precleaner to save money on freight costs.
the company is experiencing significant growth and is looking to add a new member to their staff immediately.
all of our cleaning professionals have undergone extensive training and are fully insured.
every client is personally handled by one of our experts, ensuring a unique travel plan at no extra cost.
young travelers below 18 years of age need to be accompanied by either a parent or a guardian.
careful planning and coordination pave the way for a successful meeting.
qib will workpersistently to maintain sustainable growth and expansion plans.
the employee in this position must wear steel-toed boots at all times while at work.
automobile mechanics who have not kept up with these changes have left or been forced out of the industry.
most southbound and eastbound trains will operate on an earlier schedule in and around niagara falls.
mr. bolton would like to offer his employees a new contract as soon as he returns from his trip overseas.
the acquisition was completed for $ million, which indicates just how sharply the company's value had dropped.
this is a more detailed report of budget authority and outlays for preceding, current, and upcoming fiscal years.
a successful candidate must be highly trainable in a fast-paced work environment, with exceptional communication and computer skills.
the manual briefly covers multiple topics including safety and loss control, vehicle policy, and work hours.
it takes one month to fix these minor problems, so unfortunately there will be a one-month delay in the transfer of fuel.
the lease agreement says the tenant of this unit is required to obtain renter's insurance.
wholesale buyers purchase merchandisedirectly from manufacturers and resell it to retail firms, commercial establishments, and other institutions.
the fresh twister energy drink is made with fresh lemon juice and red wine and tends to be a bestseller among the ladies.
guests will be able to meet taylor swift as she prepares to perform a free show for her fans in central park.
the information below is being provided in response to frequent requests for teleconference referrals.
mr. kwon attributed his consistently strong performance to the company's sound risk management and stable management team.
there is a growing list of residents who oppose construction of a shopping center on kingston and flag avenues.
to reach puritan house, turn right and walk past the building with the white columns.
during his 10 years with the firm, mr. martin has advised many financial institutions in europe and asia on strategy and mergers, acquisitions and alliances.
funded by hurricane katrina money, the research facility houses one million dollars worthy of lab equipment.
it is necessary to attract attention by pricing products low enough to capture the interest of customers.
practice proper sanitation by carefully removing all infected plants as soon as possible.
your generous donation to the global conscience initiative helps us further our mission to build a peace culture beyond borders.
before actively seeking a specific web design, it is important that you are crystal clear on the goal of your website.
a high sense of professionalism often means individuals go well above the normal standard in various business situations.
each passenger is usually given a 20kg allowance and any baggage exceeding the designated weight will be charged an additional fee.
whether you have led many discussions or are new to leading discussions, we trust that this guide will be helpful.
we have beautifully furnished apartments that are fully equipped with the latest appliances, and the electric bill is included in the rent.
alternative parking areas will be provided while the parking lot is being repaired .
in order to meet the needs of our evergrowing user population, we need a broad diversity of images in the creation of our products.
in afascinating interview, the jamaica observer spoke with an anonymous manufacturer who was forced to retire.
the tv company is also preparing to cancel foreign channels unless advertisers agree to substantial discounts.
make sure no one except you can access your computer while you are away from it!
the marketers make an array of products that appeal to a wide variety of potential customers.
due to urgent need, applications will be reviewed on a daily basis and candidates may be interviewed and positions filled before the closing date.
invitations for the money management seminar will be forwarded to all the managers tomorrow.
the employee-of-the-year prizes will be awarded to employees who demonstrated exceptional contribution to the company's overall sales.
those who have questions concerning fringe benefits are advised to consult their employee handbook.
the summary contains not only a technical description but also solutions to adverse effects of urban renewal developments.
the conference's keynote speaker addressed various impacts of digital technology on the current music industry.
documents with a secret nature are usually retained in each director's safety deposit box.
the fitness club has seen a steadily increasing number of customers and is eager to develop new programs.
the job fair held in the city center last week is considered the most successful one so far, with over 3, people in attendance.
the effects of affordable housing development in rural areas will be discussed at the conference.
because the annual budget report must be submitted by the end of the month, employees are busy calculating figures.
even though assigned tasks are somewhat complex, we will have to complete them before we leave for the day.
all workers are required to use the sheet provided to record their working hours and have their manager sign the form to verify the hours at the end of each day.
even if residents in the area have shown strong resistance to the project, the city government may not be hesitant to proceed with it.
the team members have the same opinions on the matter because they shared the same information.
the two divisions have unveiled their plan to set aside millions of dollars to invest in a very lucrative field.
although proficiency in german would be of much help, it is not a requirement for the advertised position.
we had to spend the whole month searching for better solutions, and fortunately customers were impressed by our efforts.
the purchasing department announced the drastic changes to the purchasing practice with outside suppliers.
should anyone wish to access the information on the status of his or her order, the password should be entered.
the goals of the internship program are to help job seekers strengthen their professional skills and make them suitable for careers they are looking for.
the more we spent with the sales team, the more impressed we were with their innovative marketing skills.
since none of the participants has showed any interest, numerous outdoor activities have to be cancelled.
customers who wish to return merchandise within 7 days of purchase must present the valid receipt to the store.
all laboratory employees make it a point to take every precaution to avoid potential hazards.
the manager said that it is appropriate to test emergency equipment frequently to avoid any malfunction.
it is necessary to conduct a thorough survey in order for us to obtain highly desirable sites for our new headquarters.
ms. walters was about to make a presentation on how to increase revenue when i entered the room.
mr. lee takes care of several routine tasks, such as sorting papers and filing documents in the cabinet.
due to her hard work and commitment to the company, ms. ramirez was promoted to the head of the public relations department.
the unexpected operating complexity was more serious than originally anticipated.
due to rising fuel prices, the company has decided to add a surcharge to all deliveries.
as the company's strongest competitor released a new line of fall clothing, ntr inc. moved quickly to introduce its new leather jackets.
the enclosed documents summarize proposed changes to the existing overtime regulations.
in spite of regular inspections, accidental system problems arise from time to time.
applicants must possess a master of business administration or comparable experience in a related field.
the recruitment advertising meeting that was scheduled for tomorrow has been postponed until next week.
the expansion of the natural history museum is most probably the cause of significant revenue increases.
information on events occurring in the theater throughout the year is available through our website.
the library has announced a new policy that all borrowed books must be returned 5 business days from the checkout date.
mr. kurt spienza appears to be the only person in our team who can finish the survey by himself .
all the storage rooms are scheduled to undergo renovations and will be closed for several days next week.
many science majors enter graduate school directly after completing a bachelor of science degree.
many companies interviewed plan to hire more personnel, while 20 percent expect to reduce their payrolls.
it seems that laborers in underdeveloped countries would rather have their children help them at work than enroll them in school.
a new approach to information asset protection will be covered in the forthcoming march issue of the magazine.
customers who purchase more than  dollars worth of items can request an hdtv cable box at no additional charge.
there remain complicated economic problems to be resolved, while the economic conditions have been good.
mr. garry noxon in accounting was repeatedly warned about having too many numerical errors in the budget report.
employers interested in obtaining information concerning grants for technician certification may contact us at the e-mail address below.
according to many surveys of the industry, the majority of small-sized firms are hoping to enter into lucrative businesses.
during the one-week promotional period, we offer all the visitors and customers 1o dollars worth of kitchen appliances completely free of charge.
the first step in preparing a fairly informative presentation is to do your research thoroughly on your topic.
although understaffed and under tight budget,  centers are struggling to adequately provide emergency assistance to the citizens.
applicants for the managerial position are required to possess high levels of motivation along with basic computer skills.
the applications submitted will be accepted only if accompanied by photo identification.
it is likely that attendance of the annual conference will reach an all-time high this year, with more than 1, people planning to attend.
despite considerable efforts and partial success for the last few years, the unemployment rate is still on the rise.
a detailed quotation on the ongoing maintenance will be provided for free any time upon request.
attempts to ease congestion during peak hours are being made, but seem to prove unfruitful at the moment.
all the important files were organized first by color and then alphabetized by title and name,
pedestrians and motorists are advised to obey the traffic signs posted throughout blackroad.
the customer service department is responsible tor fulfilling requests from the public and has to forward them to the chief financial officer.
editors are extremely busy proofreading, editing and compiling materials prior to publication date.
customers have the right to invalidate the order within 5 business days from the delivery of the product without providing reasons tor the cancellation.
as health care becomes more expensive than it was a decade ago, companies are forced to spend more on benefits.
the report on existing home sales showed an unexpected rise in sales last year, but the number of unsold homes has increased.
many researchers are doing research on how to reduce the time it takes to overcome and forget an accident.
accommodation costs and living expenses will vary, depending on individual requirements and work locations.
speakers should be prepared to present their findings to the audience and be able to answer questions regarding them.
as real estate prices have fallen dramatically in recent years, buyers have cancelled new-home contracts.
for years, domestically produced movies have been gaining popularity among people of all ages.
they are required to inform the human resources department when resigning due to a disagreement over company policy.
no matter how drastically you revise your book, you must include photos of an artwork that you want to retain from the previous edition.
employees will be given bonuses and incentives exclusively depending on their performance achievements, not based on their relationship with supervisors.
the internal audit is going to identify operational and financial risks our company is facing at the moment.
despite inclement weather conditions, employees must arrive at the beginning of their work shift.
refreshments are arranged in the lobby and meals will be served shortly thereafter.
donations being sought for the purchase of necessities will help provide a brighter holiday season to people in need.
all the accountants are required to compile a report which details annual corporate spending.
you can easily rebuild your credit by taking steps to repair your credit rating as soon as possible.
the company announced plans to change its corporate name to batel, inc. for marketing and commercial purposes.
make sure you provide the requested information when submitting advertising proposals since incomplete ones will not be accepted.
thank you for offering me a position with the company i wish to work for, and i really appreciate the efforts you've made on my behalf.
the ideal candidate should not only perform well under tight deadline pressure but also have a broad familiarity with technical standards.
people are aware of the importance of promoting physical activities which have a significant impact on reducing childhood obesity and chronic disease.
over the past three months, employees have been working primarily with support staff to accomplish their goals, working an average of eight hours per day.
while smokers are highly critical of the ban on smoking in workplaces, most nonsmokers support the ban.
all the forms you submit must be postmarked no later than the specified date or else they will be considered untimely.
it looks like directors of the corporate finance division regulate the details of managerial compensation contracts.
as a financial planner, mr. martin has a comprehensive knowledge of the legal process, as well as financial and tax issues.
if you send the pertinent information, i'll drop by your area to look for suitable housing.
buses in the metropolitan area are rarely on schedule when traffic is busy and hectic.
we are currently considering a wide variety of potential applicants, so please fill out your background information accurately.
if you plan to rent equipment, delivery and collection times, plus insurance coverage for any damage should all be dealt with in advance.
surplus parts stored in the warehouse may be procured at special sale prices, which are negotiable.
you can reach us either by phone or e-mail when you need technical support or have any questions about the product you purchased.
any improper transaction or violations of the policy must be reported to your immediate supervisor.
after hours of debate, the review committee created a list of changes to the proposal drafted by administrators.
i want to express my appreciation again for courtesies you and your staff have extended to me.
in recent years, most companies have been favoring rigid criteria systems that require employees to exercise discretion.
according to many reports, the benefits of laughter range from lowering stress levels to boosting your immune system.
many branch offices were established in the suburbs 1oyears ago, at which time the volume of traffic was also steadily increasing.
please forward any information, no matter how insufficient it may seem, to your client in the very near future.
any discarded electronic device can be recycled less harmfully, using an effective technique developed by researchers.
the victoria hotel, where we stayed during our summer vacation, will be torn down for extensive renovations.
we are not happy to announce that due to recent cutbacks on members, we won't be able to accept new projects until further notice.
as most of the conference sessions are already fully booked, people are encouraged to find alternatives from other seminars.
the agreed-upon economic sanctions are not limited to tariffs, trade barriers, and import or export quotas imposed on individual countries.
the proposed compensation plans have been reviewed and will be amended to comply with new rules.
the unions requested that they be offered substantial pay increases equaling about 40, dollars a year.
the website sponsored by the city monitoring committee will help you protect yourself against internet threats.
maintenance checks are regularly conducted to prolong the life of sophisticated equipment at the company's expense.
the new aquarium scheduled to be constructed in the center of town will be especially attractive to people who have young children.
we are sorry to tell you that your name will be removed from our mailing list since we have not yet received your payment.
this notice provides general guidance on how you can obtain the best available information from other sources.
you will have a full week at the resort of your choice , departing on july 20 and arriving back in tokyo on july 26.
although inexperienced, individuals with the willingness to learn will make a difference in the foreseeable future.
it was likely that the results of our study were heavily influenced by individual experience and skills participants had, according to the report.
even if education is theoretically free of charge, parents still have to pay the increasingly high cost of school clothing, books, materials and transport costs.
considering the failure of our system to offer adequate support, we might have to provide refunds to our customers.
some managers are supposed to meet each other at the end of the month to talk about their monthly performance reviews.
there's another piece of evidence that there has been enormous growth in the supply of customized services to customers.
our aim is to increase the efficiency of the rail services both for freight and passengers by providing services on the network and increasing competition among companies.
people can obtain information from an article containing several cases of the implementation of the new technology and its impact.
because we are under a tight deadline on product delivery, we will have to ask for assistance from other departments.
we are sorry to announce that we will not accept any credit cards starting next year since a cash deposit is required.
the chairperson was trying to curtail a lengthy, heated discussion on the merits of work ethics due to the time constraint.
many on-line retailers state that it is more difficult than they expected to set prices that attract more customers while boosting their profit margins.
enclosed is a summary of the company's current activities and future plans, so read it carefully and leave your comments on it.
the revised version of an unpublished manuscript was due to arrive this morning at 10 o'clock, but unexpected problems delayed the shipping.
instead of searching for long-term economic growth, the government intends to study immediate solutions to avoid severe criticism from the public.
the company you work for is willing to take advantage of new technology, but others are concerned about adverse consequences.
the renovated french restaurant next to the post office attracted more customers as a result of its reasonably priced, various food selections.
the elegant hotel known for its fabulous amenities is conveniently located near the local airport.
the launch of new software programs has been under the supervision of mr. lopez, who's famous for his dedication to the company.
emma jean, who was nominated for an employee of the month award for her exceptional work performance, will deliver a speech this evening.
our policy guarantees that any damaged products incurred in transit will be replaced immediately with new ones, or a full refund will be issued.
the planning officer was struggling to get a permit to develop a residential area, which can easily cost a billion dollars even before the expense of buying the land.
the chief executive officer is obligated to retain all the information of a confidential nature in relation to negotiations.
service occupations are prevalent in all sectors of the economy, such as in manufacturing as well as in the service sector.
those individuals who want to gain automatic access to the information are advised to enter the password that was sent to them by phone.
the newly appointed vice president is expected to earn the complete trust of employees despite all indications to the contrary.
the board of directors will hold a regular employment session next monday september 16th at 10 a.m. in the board room.
many financial specialists mistakenly predicted that industries might encounter a decline in manufacturing investment in  by almost 15 percent.
following months of tough negotiations, it was announced this morning that an agreement had finally been reached.
our skilled and experienced service representatives will be able to resolve any problems you might encounter by themselves .
all employees should be informed explicitly of their responsibilities in relation to sensitive client information.
much of the expected boost in revenue is related to a transaction tax which has yet to receive final approval from congress.
since the corporate system has a highly structured daily schedule, it would be nearly impossible to impair the work efficiency.
in an effort to treat customers with respect we have changed our hours to accommodate customer needs.
the local government is planning to construct additional performing arts facilities in order to meet the cultural needs of the population.
the appointment of mr. murphy as prime minister was intended to accelerate the proposed economic reforms without any hesitation.
even though peterson group inc. is one of the largest automobile manufacturing companies, it has yet to see any profits as a result of unfavorable market conditions.
when i closed the window, all of the files and folders on my desktop computer had disappeared except for the icon.
mr. conner's remarks concerning the results of last year's declining sales were concise and to the point .
can-do engineering is searching for creative, motivated people who can produce excellent quality work that goes beyond customer expectations.
we want you to be aware that we're doing our utmost, though we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience on our website.
a new innovative program is expected to be released, though some system failures happened at the beginning of the inspection.
milky cookies occasionally enters into a contract with a third party vendor in order to fulfill its business operations.
if you want to purchase a lower priced ticket, either contact us through regular mail or call our hotline and then we will send you an application immediately.
in order to brand your business, you'd better include your signature in every letter you send to customers, which helps remind them of whom they do business with.
we are proud to announce that dax shepard has been appointed as our new managing director to oversee corporate expansion in europe.
the general manager has suggested that any information customers enter be used only to respond to their inquiries and requests.
this list is comprised of thousands of subscribers to various magazines, including computers, automobiles, garments and electronics.
additional information on extensive financial aid such as grants and scholarships can be obtained from career offices at each university.
we are opening a fully renovated condominium conveniently located in a quiet setting, and complete with many amenities.
competition for reconstruction contracts has been getting stiffer over the years since it can generate enormously lucrative earnings.
many people were standing in line outside of the box office to purchase a limited number of low-cost tickets, which are offered as specials each month.
the article provides readers with tips on how to get totally out of debt by setting financial goals and eliminating unnecessary spending.
once all the alterations to the plan have been approved, they should be submitted to the appropriate office no later than the end of the month.
ms. cordova was struggling to successfully complete the ta~k assigned to her by herself .
the general hospital was able to improve patient care significantly without hiring more staff by investing in a new information system.
automakers are recovering from weak results through a series of complicated restructuring processes, and experiencing increased revenues and profits as a result.
our experienced and skilled technicians can be of much help in the event that you accidentally delete something essential from the program.
most companies like all their employees to work on innovative products and to believe passionately in their mission.
researching an employer's organizational structure, products, services and reputation is a highly recommended practice for those preparing for job interviews.
under no circumstances may you copy or distribute any secret information without appropriate written permission from us.
it .is important to look through the documents so that everyone in charge can know at which stage they should be completed.
most of the hotels have their own pool and sun terrace with a pool-side bar which serves drinks and snacks throughout the day.
when the proposal for this new safety policy was under consideration by the managers, a number of experts were asked for their comments.
we do apologize for the inconvenience resulting from the service which is now temporarily unavailable .
the restaurant, closed for extensive renovations, assured customers that it will provide them with better-quality food and exceptional service.
any employees who are consistently late or absent from work may be subject to disciplinary actions, regardless of their position.
most of the employees are entitled to a maximum of one hour for a lunch break, depending on their assigned work schedule.
your personal information, including credit card numbers, mailing address, e-mail address and phone numbers, will be collected in order for us to fulfill your order for products.
a questionnaire asked shoppers to evaluate the appearance and the overall brightness of the new merchandise.
when the installation process is complete and an "ok" screen appears on the computer, please remove the last cd and click "reboot."
all the workers are required to periodically verify that the proper maintenance of storage facilities is conducted with extreme care.
the growing number of vacant housing units on the market for more than 6 months implies that excessive supply still exists.
the elegant hotel we stayed at was spacious and bright and had a private entrance and patio with a view of the ocean.
in order to focus resources and investment on this rapidly growing business, we have to make a strategic decision.
we, one of the leading manufacturing companies, would like to build a mutually beneficial relationship with your esteemed company.
please read the terms and conditions carefully to determine whether or not you can request a refund or replacement for the p~oducts you ordered.
applicants are advised to fill out an application form concisely to impress potential employers, without being too repetitive or boring.
passengers will get to their destination on time even though our departure time is a little late due to a mechanical problem.
all the terms of the agreement must be clear so that the meaning and intent won't be misinterpreted by either party.
people don't put much importance into a powerful marketing tool and therefore miss the opportunity to gain more potential customers.
the plans are under serious consideration for extension of better garbage collection, street maintenance and adequate sewage services into the province.
you'd better consider the factors that assess the effectiveness of the appropriate training system and implement corrective actions in a timely manner.
those individuals who want to reschedule their appointments with a doctor should contact us two days in advance.
the report shows that builders reserve the right to control the volume of the construction project on their own.
information on customers' details can be stored on one diskette, as can the whole spreadsheet, and the diskettes can then be kept in a secure place.
superb attention has been paid to even the smallest detail, as the project was expected to cost billions of dollars.
mr. hatcher is now curious about the general opinion on the matter of formatting a standard or deluxe system instead of formatting a premiere one.
if you need to hire additional help for your growing business, our experts can assist with the hiring process from start to finish.
another computer system failure is going to happen again unless appropriate steps are taken to prevent it.
all visitors to our fabulous national park will be given a complimentary lunch at the top of the hill.
once you've decided to reduce expenses , there should be additional ways to halve the marketing costs.
paulin cornwall inc. has made an amazing discovery people can share in no time in the field of information technology.
the first draft of workshop proposals was due yesterday, but the director has granted us a short extension to our surprise.
the company is going to carry out the proposal based on the information provided in your letter of intent, so please submit your application under this note.
after the introduction of collaboration tool programs, the company, which was in temporary financial trouble, was finally able to increase its market share.
many people call fairy tales too predictable and obvious, but that's why they are needed.
new recycling programs indicate that only the landlord or the property owners may schedule an appointment to get bulk pickup service in the same building.
during the sessions, speakers will discuss the process of establishing a global service by opening doors to economic opportunities.
please submit your survey results to the director by the date specified at the bottom of the screen.
ofa representatives recently conducted on-line tours and found those kinds of tours to promote their products the most effective.
please do not hesitate to share your opinions in the comment space below so that people can find and consider possible alternatives.
our gta phone roaming service is suited for individuals who travel regularly anywhere in the world for business.
a banquet was held for researchers to be honored for their exceptional achievements in creative research activities.
we are proud to announce their upcoming participation in an event whose purpose is to educate attendees on e-mail management tools.
anyone who has questions concerning our community service can leave a message with my secretary or our answering service.
requirements for the open position include basic computer skills and managerial experience in retail sales.
according to the medical report released today, cholesterol fighting medicines may also have protective effects against numerous uncured diseases.
employees who participate in this training program can learn a great deal about themselves as well as experience in both personal and profession growth.
according to studies released yesterday, a significant number of organizations experienced a dramatic increase in electronic crime and data intrusions over the past year.
the president of kasara inc. regretfully announced that lopez davis, who has served the company for more than 30 years, would retire at the end of next month.
the new training program is intended to provide leadership to develop professional competence through involvement in a range of professional development activities.
due to recent changes, nordon express will discontinue delivery of equipment effective the first day of the coming year.
employees must get approval from their supervisors before deleting data even if the data seem unused.
in addition to launching a separate online site, new products will be available through traditional retailers all over the world.
tomorrow's one-to-one training session held in a boardroom is intended for supervisors and new staff members.
you are advised to contact us immediately if technical problems with your computer system don't seem to be resolved.
once all the provisions of the merger are fully implemented, the two companies will expand their partnerships to provide an even higher level of quality.
this letter is to solicit nominations of candidates to be considered for the vacant positions in sales that should be filled right away.
our investment will lead to more improved public services, considerable cost reductions as well as further productivity .
the names of upper management to whom you must report will be provided in order to get budgets approved for projects.
successful candidates will receive a competitive salary and maximum benefits equal to those which they have received from their previous jobs.
it is predominantly through broadcast media such as television and radio that companies place an advertisement to attract prospective customers.
employees must reserve a time to copy by writing their names on the schedule on the lid of the photocopiers.
most of the cabins situated at the bottom of the hill are painted grey and white.
workshop participants were required to be cautious not to choose any reserved front-row seats.
if you won't be able to present a valid receipt, neither may the products be returned nor are you refunded.
road and street signs must be clearly visible even in the distance in order for drivers to know where they are heading.
to be safe, don't use bank cash machines located behind pillars or away from public view.
so as to ensure that your medical treatment will be paid for, you must present a note from your doctor.
since supplies are limited , you are invited to order this gorgeous laptop model on sale before it is sold out.
the two companies signed an agreement on the acquisition in spite of a few differing opinions.
this e-mail is to let you know that the book you ordered is currently on back order.
as soon as the shipment of computer equipment comes in, we will ship it to you promptly.
new employees were reminded to be photographed immediately in order to have their new identification made.
as portable audio items are currently unavailable in the store, you'd better check the internet for more information.
our policy is not to issue refunds on software programs used on a trial basis.
we have worked exceptionally hard on health insurance plans to enhance employee satisfaction.
funds from the government grant will be allocated to or distributed among the affected areas.
more efforts to accomplish the objectives for reducing costs have been made since they were set out at the beginning of this year.
as the desktop printer was out of service, we called a skilled technician yesterday for repairs.
the head of the marketing department attributed success in the overseas market to its motivated and hard-working employees.
we require all club members to present their membership cards to the service desk in order to use the fitness room.
all the required application forms must be filled out completely before they are turned in to the appropriate office.
a few executive positions have been reserved for women as part of corporate efforts to place women in upper-level positions.
you are advised to check documents related to the continuation of health insurance coverage before leaving your current job.
lightware kitchen goods ltd. reserves the right to deny any liability for damages caused by abnormal use.
defective merchandise may be exchanged for the same item in compliance with our exchange policy.
questions concerning the billing process will be handled by customer service representatives while the billing department is closed.
the medications widely used for patients should be rigorously evaluated for long-term use.
along the shore of the lake is a recreational family camping site, complete with fire places, showers and refrigerators.
employment application forms completed by applicants must be submitted to mr. keith by friday at noon.
after weeks of intensive negotiations, they have finally agreed upon a minimum wage for on-site workers.
enclosed please find the documents that contain confidential data on the visibility of operations.
if you are looking for a good restaurant in your area, look it up in our comprehensive directory of local restaurants.
in order to accommodate the needs of demanding customers, the telecommunications industry is considering developing better functions.
installing air-cooling systems is scheduled to begin promptly at 10 a.m. and end at 3 p.m.
the recent findings indicate that the effects of weight loss associated with calorie restriction are quite beneficial .
the finished report should not exceed 20 pages, including a one-page abstract , and should be turned in by this friday.
the newly launched cell phones were designed to deliver exceptional performance in various functions.
diamond getaway travel agency is considered to be the definitive source of worldwide trips among travelers.
it appears to be a nearly impossible plan to charge fees to cars visiting the city park on the weekend.
people who have wanted to buy a home but couldn't afford to will be able to qualify, assuming that interest rates remain moderate.
we need to reserve a restaurant for a celebration party in honor of a newly appointed personnel manager.
she habitually answers incoming phone calls and signs for packages while in the office.
a new shipment of popular bargain books has just arrived here in perfect condition and will be on display this afternoon.
the catering & event department enjoys a solid reputation for extraordinary service provided to customers.
it is anticipated that those currently looking for employment will be successful in the coming months.
hart house inc. is widely recognized for dedicating all its energy and resources to supporting social activities.
according to a new study by single click, online shoppers search the internet at least one week prior to actually purchasing their products.
most stores are offering special discounts, coupons on gifts, and personalized gifts to retain their existing customers.
since there are so many stores throughout the district, any type of bad publicity carries a lot of risk.
hpr press achieved the highest overall rating from its customers in a recent independent survey of nearly 10, customers.
i would not like to recommend the westin orlando hotel, especially considering that it has poor quality room service.
drivers are required to carry their liability insurance policy at all times in their carsin case of an accident.
although the two copy machines differ in a few of their functions, you will be soon accustomed to operating them.
mr. tanaka decided to resign, because a significant drop in customer satisfaction has had an adverse impact on sales growth .
most of the automobile companies are likely to face declining sales in midsize and large cars as a result of the continuing recession.
although some studies report different effects of overtime work, they are comparable with respect to productivity levels.
your membership renewal will entitle you to a wide variety of benefits that range from innovative services to effective programs.
applicants who possess interpersonal skills and strong analytical skills to gather and analyze information for reports will be especially preferred .
now that our site is currently undergoing essential maintenance work, we apologize for the inconvenience and ask that you try again later on.
you are cordially invited to attend a retirement party thrown in honor of employees who have served the company for more than thirty years.
questions concerning whether international trade is much more beneficial to lower income economies have been raised for years.
fat-blocking weight loss pills will be sold over the counter effective immediately.
compact list inc. appreciates the contributions you have made to this annual event.
a group of established corporations will most likely carry out the downsizing program, which represents the biggest reduction in jobs since .
despite fulfilling the requirements and receiving unanimous approval from the committee, ms. norton was not accepted for the position.
please make sure that all the volts in overhead compartments are tightened securely .
your salaries and earnings vary greatly, depending on several factors such as your specialty area, degree, and sector of employment.
although revised reports are better than they were last week, mr. dan gum, the program director, suggested rewriting them.
we are obligated to retain all the manuals, even for discontinued appliances.
drivers are asked to park their cars by themselves rather than using a valet parking system.
dts has undergone drastic changes designed to better serve its valued customers.
companies expanding into other regions prefer hiring workers native to the targeted region.
the warranty attached to the product you purchased will be valid for two years from the date of receipt .
the corporate monitoring committee will be starting an inspection in any violation of security codes in a week.
analysis of survey data revealed distinct differences between the two proposed projects.
once the first session has been successfully completed, the subsequent topics won't be difficult to understand.
whether you are here for corporate workshops or need to host a meeting, we can offer conference rooms, food services, and lodging.
after further research on breast cancer treatment, pharmaceutical companies are investing in medicine development areas that look more promising .
the sales of new wireless electronic products have significantly increased and so has customer satisfaction.
the hygiene department will provide you with information concerning stringent safety criteria.
the head of the department using the banquet room for a party should submit a required form to the catering department.
since providing an extraordinary service to our patrons, overall sales have almost tripled.
in order to offer a wide variety of dining pleasures, we have hired extra kitchen help.
the terms and conditions on the plane ticket are a summary of the agreement between the airline and passengers.
for safety reasons, visi~ors not accompanied by security staff will not be allowed into the laboratory.
please mention my name in order for you to renew the subscription to the journal on my behalf.
a complete list of our hotel amenities will be sent to you upon request.
events in celebration of our 10th anniversary will begin precisely at 1oa.m. tomorrow morning.
jen's business designed a stringent inspection program to assure its members that their stay is a safe and enjoyable one.
we regularly monitor the quality of products and services in order to meet strict requirements .
if the company had been under better circumstances, it could have obtained an even more favorable outcome.
service employees are exempt from overtime if the position meets specific circumstances.
most companies hire attorneys to represent them in case they encounter any trouble.
unless we find a comprehensive approach to dealing with traffic congestion, it will continue to worsen.
the head of the legal department is searching for experts who have a lot of experience with contract negotiations .
ace training group excels in providing the best professional course that can be customized to your unique needs.
many professional agricultural advisors were hired to boost the significantly declining industry.
we will hold a raffle event in all our department stores next week to extend our sincere thanks to our valuable customers.
please note that payment statements must be addressed correctly to the recipients.
any errors in the payroll slip should be reported to the proper department within five days of receipt .
when the construction workers were notified of the arrival date of materials, they expressed concerns over the delay.
researchers in a broad range of fields were asked to review what the proposed project may entail.
shipping details will be entered into the computer once we have received the authorization.
award-winning publications to keep you up-to-date on current trends will be provided if you join marsh group inc.
i can be reached at the number below if you encounter any trouble requiring my attention.
please complete the return list detailing the reason for the return and it will be processed promptly.
of the 6 candidates, ms. sally marson seemed the most qualified for the position.
tickets to the newly refurbished amusement park will be sold online starting on monday.
a few flight attendants have requested that some loose volts in the overhead bins be tightened.
hamas investment placed an advertisement on temporary employment openings for certified financial advisors.
now that the company has gained a noticeable increase in net profits, it is offering customers a thirty percent discount .
further studies will be conducted to develop economically sound guidelines for year-round training.
if you have difficulty preparing for a presentation on your own , ask mr. jacobs for help.
a letter accompanied by a copy of the press release was mailed to the public relations department yesterday.
in order to demonstrate our appreciation, a party will be held at a chinese restaurant.
the conference's keynote speaker called this morning for confirmation that everything has been set for his presentation.
after repeated requests by residents, the city's board members decided to install additional traffic lights.
please note that prices for not yet published books are tentative and final pricing will be determined at publication.
employees are advised to refrain from using mobile phones while on duty, since it causes distraction.
the society for communication seeks to advance technical support systems and provide services for the education and professional development of its members.
if you would like to lose weight, you had better replace high-calorie side dishes with healthier alternatives.
those who wish to get the best deal from their shopping are advised to compare product features, prices and read customer reviews carefully.
the successful candidate may work in an environment with frequent interruptions and fluctuating deadlines rather than in a stable environment.
according to the preliminary analysis by the labor department, the recovery of the economy this year led to an increase in employment, compared with the same period last year.
customers whose products are provided and maintained through an existing arrangement should contact us immediately.
you will need to pay for the cost of shipping, unless given alternative instructions from our customer service department.
we are looking forward to continuing to provide the highest-quality programs consistently for years to come.
increasingly powerful computer graphics have enabled domestic filmmakers to create screen images that rival those of hollywood.
i recommend that the presentation you will give next week be reflective of the overall market trends.
mr. jackson is doubtful that he is authorized to fly business class to get to the trade fair in chicago.
we will help you find comprehensive and costeffective solutions to drive your business to a higher level of success.
if you need further information or have any questions about returning your merchandise, please send an e-mail to the sales department or contact us.
the v.s. center database will allow you to find the best volunteer opportunities based on your preference.
the increase in the overall sales volume does not necessarily indicate a high level of customer satisfaction.
ms. gail hutson, systems manager, made internal corporate biogs superior to other traditional forms of communications.
it is fairly common for employees to receive full compensation for their overtime work.
we need to appoint a temporary replacement for mr. hwang, who handles classes on nutrition to attendees. -
if you purchase our outstanding laptop with a full one-year limited warranty, we will ship it today.
we are sorry that the product you have searched for is no longer available for sale.
i am sorry that you experienced a temporary interruption in our services, but all services were restored a moment ago.
to demonstrate our appreciation to our valued customers ,we are offering free tickets to new plays which received outstanding reviews from critics.
a survey of consumers shows that respondents want convenience plus enjoyable experience when shopping.
the rapid growth of an aging population is posing tough challenges to the social security system of most countries.
gas explosions are often attributed to negligence and are usually caused by violations of standards or safe practices.
despite a large number of indicators that companies are facing a serious shortage of skilled workers, proper action has not been taken.
even if most workers are working collaboratively, it looks like they will fail to meet the deadline.
this discount offer may not be used in conjunction with any other coupons. .
the employees in the planning department spend most of their time writing proposals for a better management structure.
any employers or contractors who are found to have breached safety laws will be subject to a heavy fine.
a large proportion of low-income populations rely on farming and fishing for their living.
one of the most worrying consequences of worldwide climate change is the steady rise of sea levels.
apt electronics has proved itself capable of achieving impressive revenues just in the first quarter.
managers who meet specific requirements are exempt from obligation to attend the workshop.
advances in satellite technology have significantly altered the appearance of the country's communication antenna facilities.
the government prepared for the coming drought season, implementing water conservation plans.
the urban renewal development plan is expected to attract many investors from around the country.
mr. bernard accepted the terms of the agreement, which could benefit his company in the long term.
should any arrangements be changed, we will do everything possible to accommodate your requests.
mr. chu will demonstrate how to switch from one server to another this afternoon.
successful candidates will be posted to either new york or paris.
please remember to include your signature at the bottom of the order form.
every two years, the board of directors appoints a new financial officer to oversee the company's domestic operations.
ms. yakamoto has suggested that the department meeting be postponed until everyone returns from vacation.
market solutions is one of europe's leading international business magazines, with subscribers in over 50 countries.
employees on international assignment with daniel windmere corporation receive extensive financial support when finding a place to live.
according to the cosmopolitan news, gemstone records will soon be opening a store conveniently located on grand avenue.
mr. garcia has a good chance of getting the marketing job, although competition for it will be fierce.
some fans lined up outside the box office for as long as fourteen hours to purchase tickets for the concert.
a new production device takes manufacturers one step closer to making electronic displays totally out of plastic.
once the change-of-address form had been submitted to the billing department, the invoices began arriving at the proper location.
ms. jackson said she would prefer to work on the report by herself before submitting a draft for the committee's approval.
mr. riyadh, a successful local businessman, made his fortune by investing in real estate.
margaret nelson was hired to lead the company through the complicated process of organizational restructuring.
the newscaster accidentally mispronounced the name of the tolberg book prize winner on television last night.
mr. osaki would like the entire staff to work together and complete the task by the deadline.
sending a letter of thanks immediately after a job interview is a highly recommended practice
jhb bank cannot process a loan application without the proper documentation.
please notify ms. chen that the meeting has been rescheduled so that tomorrow's visitors from the overseas office can attend.
if you experience difficulties with the installation process, technical support is available throughout the day.
please review the proposal for new safety procedures, and add your comments.
the jacket you ordered is currently unavailable in the color you requested, but we will send the rest of your order promptly.
although multiple studies were conducted by market research groups, it is still uncertain whether customers are ready to purchase their groceries on the internet.
neblus, inc., will have to add staff if it expects to fulfill all of the orders by the end of the year.
department store managers have asked shoppers not to bring food or beverages into the store.
when the copying process is , a complete small "done" window appears on the computer screen.
all seneca area residents are requested to clean the recycling bins periodically with hot, soapy water.
retail properties in the downtown area generally stay on the market for periods of three to six weeks before they are sold.
in keeping with barrett international's effort to provide a comfortable work environment, the company's new buildings are spacious and well lit.
in order to ensure timely delivery, make certain the address and phone number are clearly printed at the top of the form.
we at tpg financial planning welcome the opportunity to assist you in your business and look forward to a mutually beneficial relationship.
customers unhappy with the performance of their stereo equipment have two months to request a refund or replacement .
the division manager revised the report because the language in it was too repetitive .
dr. suzuki arrived for the awards ceremony on time even though her train had left twenty minutes late.
mr. lee's conciliatory comments appear to have been misinterpreted by some of his readers.
nonaka consultancy's strength lies in its accomplished team of data analysts, and therefore the company highlights its analytic services when seeking new clients.
plans are under way for the extension of the san pedro valley water pipeline.
the sales representatives consider the size of the space before recommending an appropriate air-conditioning system.
patients who wish to reschedule their appointments must give at least 24 hours advance notice.
all shipments arrive at the receiving dock, where a warehouse worker checks their tracking labels.
because this document contains confidential information, please keep it in a secure location.
fred's superb attention to detail is his best attribute as a graphic artist.
please indicate on the envelope whether you would prefer regular or deluxe photo processing for your film.
the decision to hire additional help was based largely on the concerns expressed by the employees.
national bank officials announced that they have taken the necessary steps to prevent another computer system failure.
all visitors to the auto production plant must register at the security checkpoint before entering.
in an effort to reduce expenses , barsom cosmetics has halved its advertising budget.
the advertising team made an amazing recovery from a late start to finish the project a week ahead of schedule.
the proposal for the parking garage was due yesterday, but the program director has agreed to a short extension.
we will have to inform mr. yamamoto that his application cannot be accepted at this time.
after the meeting with the accountant, mr. mitchell was finally able to complete the budget report.
critics of the recent movie with michelle zhao have called the plot too predictable .
ms. rivera made it clear that only the landowner may authorize improvements to the property.
the management of eurosan enterprises is in the process of establishing a new set of guidelines for customer service.
if you would like to be considered for a position in our advertising division, please submit an application to the director of human resources.
the plant supervisor, mr. lee, recently conducted a tour of the company's main production facility for our clients.
if you require additional information about our products, please do not hesitate to contact the customer service department.
mr. lopez travels regularly for business and uses the corporate accounts at hotels as well as car rental agencies.
each month, we will select five outstanding employees to be honored for their exceptional contributions to the company's performance.
according to star watch magazine, singer-songwriter kylie norton has announced her upcoming participation in a charity concert.
customers who cannot call the service department during normal business hours may leave a message with our answering service.
applicants for the position of store manager must have at least five years of experience in retail sales.
our company believes that employees should always work hard, yet they must also have time for their families.
our store offers a complete line of computer software packages for both personal and business applications.
according to the commerce report released today, retail sales in apparel declined in august after a significant increase in july.
the president of tennom advertising regretfully announces the cancellation of plans to open an office in toronto.
the international society of economists will provide leadership to develop and launch a collection of electronic journals.
after the current model year, the automobile manufacturer cfg will discontinue three older models and introduce two new ones.
personnel must sign the register before removing any confidential papers from the organization's vaults.
in addition to displaying recent phone numbers, the new if20 mobile phone shows the temperature, the time, and the user's location on a map.
tomorrow's training is intended for employees who have been with the company for less than one year.
tenants should call the property owner directly if problems with heating or plumbing are not resolved by the on-site manager.
once the probationary three months are completed, employees will be eligible for full company benefits.
tappan literature foundation is soliciting nominations for this year's best youth novelist.
the new graphic design software program has improved the quality of the designers' work as well as their productivity .
the names of the department heads to whom the monthly reports should be sent are located on the last page of the manual.
sinna motors' sales figures this year were nearly equal to those recorded in the company's most successful period five years ago.
njc surveys recently determined that, despite advances in audio technology, it is still predominantly through radio broadcasts that listeners are exposed to new music.
the schedule for the macneill project is hanging on the wall in the first floor conference room.
when howland bakery first began using larger trucks for delivery, all of them were painted white and brown.
staff members who work with chemicals should remember to be cautious and always wear protective gear in the lab.
neither taking photographs nor eating is allowed in the theater.
the display panel has been designed to ensure that the warning lights are clearly visible.
even after the stadium's renovation, some seats remain behind pillars that partially obstruct the view.
in order to finish the editing work, the review team will need at least two more days.
because our supplies are limited , we can only make this offer to the first fifty customers who come to the store.
polabian bank signed an agreement for the financing of the a2 highway connecting bistrica and nove pola.
due to technical problems, nelson's electronic auctions is currently not accepting any picture submissions via e-mail.
in order for mr. song's group to complete the data collection project on time, we will need even more administrative support.
to avoid leaving anyone behind, the tour operator reminded all the visitors to be in the front lobby by 7 a.m.
please use the color printer sparingly, since the ink cartridges it requires are currently unavailable.
our policy is not to offer refunds to customers unless they return the item, accompanied by a receipt, within 30 days of the purchase date.
the students enrolled in the painting course at the model art school have worked exceptionally hard over the past year.
the faculty committee will distribute funds from the research grant among its various science departments.
arten publishing has experienced an average annual growth of over 7 percent in sales since it went public twenty years ago.
the fax machine is out of service, and an experienced technician has been called in to see if it can be repaired.
with its new building and expanded hours. first bank of stubenville is once again ahead of the competition.
we require all visitors to present photo identification prior to entering the building.
employment applications must be filled out completely before being submitted to j&j enterprises.
workshop participants may choose any seat in the auditorium except those in the front row, which are reserved for the presenters.
any employee working late on a friday must remember to turn off all computer equipment before leaving for the night.
super discounts, inc., reserves the right to limit quantities of certain sale items purchased by each customer.
hatfield sporting goods returned the defective merchandise to the manufacturer.
while the accounting department is closed, all billing questions will be handled by the customer service department.
the executive board sent out a reminder to division heads that all contracts must be rigorously reviewed by the legal department before they are signed.
next to the rostovsky hotel is a luxurious recreational area, complete with a golf course and a swimming pool.
all orders for office supplies must be submitted to ms. reaton by thursday at noon.
after three years of intense negotiation, megali corporation and liggman industries have finally agreed on the terms of their merger.
please accept the enclosed coupon book as thanks for opening your personal savings account with south branch bank.
baxter consulting intends to combine information from various sources in order to provide a single comprehensive directory of local businesses.
in order to accommodate overseas clients, the majeski group will open offices in both europe and asia.
the training class on internet security begins promptly at 8:00 a.m. and ends at 5:00 p.m., with a one-hour break for lunch.
many of our employees have reported that they have found the new computer program to be quite beneficial .
research grant proposals must be submitted by next friday and should include a budget and a one-page abstract .
the gsx offers exceptional performance while still achieving a fuel efficiency rating better than that of most other vehicles in its class.
because it covers nearly every aspect of french cooking, the bleu school guide is considered the definitive resource for preparing authentic french cuisine.
judges for the science competition stated that choosing a winner from the finalists was a nearly impossible task.
the company's revenue during the next quarter will increase, assuming that the lucrative contract with kang securities can be finalized before next month.
as you instructed, we have enclosed the damaged merchandise together with a written request for a full refund.
mr. matthews, a reporter for the international daily newspaper, will be on special assignment until further notice.
the august shipment has just arrived from busan and is waiting in the receiving dock.
before the situation was explained to him. franco wrongly believed that the automobile prototype was the finished product.
the advertisement said that 20 percent would be deducted from the regular price at the time of purchase.
mr. adams will not be able to complete the report by himself and would appreciate it if someone would volunteer to help him .
currently we are seeking volunteers to participate in an upcoming consumer research study for mayfee marketing,
since she loves animals, ms. peters is a technician at the eldridge veterinary center.
all members of the design team are expected to submit their completed drafts to ms. conroy no later than next friday.
for reasons of safety , anyone entering the construction area must wear a hard hat.
hua husing's achievements in biochemistry were remarkable, especially considering that he was only twenty-six at the time.
drivers are asked to park their cars within the white lines.
ms. kushida's managers feel that she deserves special recognition for her performance in the last sales campaign.
financial experts note that the mild weather in the last few years has had a clear effect on agricultural productivity.
please remember to include your account number and signature on all payment checks.
although the two computer processors differ in price, they are comparable in terms of their quality.
the cornwall times is published weekly by oyc newspapers, inc., a division of woodbridge media holdings.
dr. kim's acceptance speech is expected to last about ten minutes, after which dessert will be served.
our office secretary had made a backup of the computer files, so the information was recovered successfully after the power failure.
all commercial catering businesses refrigerate perishable food to prevent it from spoiling.
ltd enterprises is currently seeking an accomplished individual to replace the current director, who will be retiring at the end of the month.
due to new restrictions on international travelers, certain types of plants cannot be brought into most countries without a permit.
in order to keep up with the increasing demand for our products, we will have to hire a minimum of four additional workers.
the adoption of the new inventory process has had a significant impact on our management of resources.
all loose objects, such as bags and laptop computers, must be placed securely in the overhead bins prior to takeoff.
during her time at the university, dr. lefleur built a solid reputation for leadership among both students and faculty.
while ms. fukui is willing to continue working part-time, she hopes to be offered full-time employment eventually.
it is encouraging to hear that our sales department has started to pursue overseas markets aggressively.
genter electronics has always followed the principle that the risk involved in developing new technology is one that is worth taking.
the home sales and rental markets should strengthen soon, as both usually benefit when the local economy improves.
i do not anticipate that the shipment schedule will change when our factories relocate, but if it does, i will notify you immediately.
in order to maintain a stable production facility for the next ten years, vartacorp is currently negotiating access to new computer technologies.
all resumes submitted to our human resources department will remain on record for one year from the date of receipt .
we are pleased to announce that ms. vieri will be starting her new position as market analyst on september 30.
we may share your mailing address with our subsidiaries for marketing purposes unless you specifically request in writing that we not do so.
it is imperative - that the documents be meticulously examined before they are sent out to clients.
a key element still missing from the upcoming presentation to the client is an estimate of the total project cost.
as the number of local residents' visits to public swimming facilities climbs, so does the demand for lifeguards to supervise them.
it was joanne huber's groundbreaking work on the photoelectric effect that won her the lifetime excellence award.
neither kato business service nor any of its affiliates are responsible for the accuracy of this brochure.
travelers using the local airport in hopkins complain that there is an urgent need for more parking.
in order to reserve a table for the luncheon, we need to call the cafe by noon.
the younger staff look up to ms. itoh because of her years of experience in the field of multimedia and graphic design.
if you wish to see a complete list of hotel amenities, please refer to the informational binder on the desk in your guest room.
the financial briefing for our investors will begin precisely at 9:30 a.m. on thursday.
falco brand engine parts are put through a stringent inspection process.
after thoroughly reviewing all of the resumes, we will determine which candidates to interview.
tower apartments plans to add a recreation complex that will accommodate a swimming pool and other facilities .
unfortunately, the newly manufactured electronic components do not meet the quality requirements of gem associates.
for the period ending june 30, the horizon stadium corporation recorded unprecedented revenues from ticket sales, and even more from advertising.
under more favorable circumstances, the board of trustees would have approved the budget increase, but this year it was not possible.
daniel will be checking the report for mistakes before it is submitted to the group manager.
mr. shin updated the company's web site by himself because the other programmer had a problem with her password.
beginning august 1, carla frist will represent the company as its attorney in all dealings with the local government.
ms. chu was extremely happy to receive the award for outstanding sales performance.
unless something is done, traffic congestion on the winfield parkway will continue to worsen.
mr. shmidov hired two lawyers to help with future contract negotiations .
please accept our sincere thanks for the fine work you are doing in our sales department.
any changes in your tax status should be reported to the payroll division promptly so that corrections can be made in a timely fashion.
please check in with ms. nakamura's assistant when you arrive so he can notify her of your arrival.
jenkins business review has asked thousands of people in a wide range of professions to describe what their jobs entail.
since receiving notice that the director of the deerfield orchestra will retire, the board of directors has been searching for a replacement.
of the subway lines that stop in the central business district, the green line is the easiest to walk to from the franklin building.
employees of reconnaissance corporation who share rides to work will be eligible for special parking privileges starting on wednesday.
the senior project manager will be on-site next thursday and has requested that the editors meet him in his office at 9:30 a.m.
all hair-care products will be 25 percent off this week in celebration of trey salon's fifth anniversary.
the manila wellness center has part-time and temporary employment openings for certified nursing attendants in our makati branch.
companies need to provide year-round training to technical support staff due to continuous improvements in technology.
residents argue that another new shopping center in the heart of the city is not financially sound.
metropolitan herald, the city's leading newspaper, is offering new customers a twenty percent discount .
answering customer questions is sometimes difficult to do on your own , so we have created a list of frequently asked questions.
maria gomez submitted her plan for the new transit system to the city's board of directors for review.
although our employees did not write the correct address on the shipping form, the machine parts arrived at the dairy farm on schedule .
a thunderstorm accompanied by gusty winds is expected to arrive in the northeast region by late afternoon.
mr. garcia called earlier today for confirmation that the package he sent on monday had been received.
after repeated requests by local residents, the private library was opened to the public.
advertisements placed by merchants in the weekly roundup do not necessarily imply endorsement by the management of the newspaper.
sanford electronics recently installed a new data management system to keep better records of customers' orders.
when using the building's side entrance, remember that an alarm will sound if your security code is not entered on the keypad within 30 seconds.
the gallo museum's display of mexican silver crafts will remain open for a limited time only.
mr. kato left the hotel's telephone number with the airport staff so they could notify him when the luggage is found.
conference participants can get to the wyatt hotel either by train or by bus.
please be aware that annual reviews of job performance will take place during the third week of january.
as of january 1, all managers will be required to attend at least three professional development seminars per year.
gryphon solutions is a growing computer support company eager to expand its business in east asia.
we have been given specific instructions on how ms. crane wants this task to be completed.
mario damico has been assigned to check the facts while sean mccree types a draft of the report.
the mechanics became more efficient as they began using the new technology.
mr. ortega has received an invitation to attend the awards ceremony in brussels next month.
the milestone corporation anticipates significant revenue increases in several major metropolitan areas over the next decade.
the new science museum is expected to attract many tourists to the city.
mr. perlmutter has assured the management team that the prototype will be completely functional by june 9.
as of october 1, all books borrowed from the queenstown library will be due three weeks from the checkout date.
after her retirement, lillian will certainly be missed by the numerous colleagues who have benefited from her steady judgment in the field of finance.
to take advantage of the company's free software-upgrade program, customers should mail a copy of their receipt to the address provided.
passengers should have all necessary boarding documents ready to present to airline personnel.
because the order was placed after the sale had ended, no discount will be given.
ms. baxter would like to meet with all members of the hiring committee again after interviewing candidates.
the environmental commission concluded that there is a need for immediate funding to repair the dam.
the quality of the furniture designed at oak valley company has remained remarkably consistent for the  years that the firm has operated.
ms. ishimura generously offered to deliver the invitation in person rather than send it through the mail.
mr. jefferson has a reputation for taking risks, but his coworkers describe him as reasonably cautious in most aspects of his job.
club members are allowed to attend the healthy living seminar at no cost.
on thursday, ms. cornado should receive the of the results recent survey conducted by the research and development department.
as discussed in our telephone conversation this morning, mr. fox will arrive at your factory at 2 p.m. on wednesday, march 14.
swabian motors will retain its current name even after it merges with a rival company.
the business consultant stressed that long-term planning is an important consideration for anyone doing business internationally.
according to company guidelines, new employees are eligible to receive vacation benefits after three months of full-time employment.
maxwell real estate is pleased to announce that prime retail space is now available in two highly desirable properties located in midtown springfield.
please make every effort to welcome the new trainees as you encounter them throughout the next few weeks.
safety precautions must be taken by all laboratory employees while working with chemicals that are potentially harmful.
please contact ms. blackwell in the personnel office if you have not received information regarding company reimbursement procedures.
jane wiseman has her own publishing company dealing almost exclusively with biographies.
enclosed is the latest listing of the distinguished companies and institutions that use our firm's specialized consulting services.
deal travel, inc., acts as an agent for the vacation products presented in the brochure.
a tax expert will come to our company tomorrow to respond to any concerns you have about recent changes in the law.
our service department has received numerous complaints about the new tz- processor overheating.
however uncomfortable they may be, helmets, goggles, and gloves absolutely must be worn by anyone entering the construction zone.
in order for us to evaluate ms. brown's suitability as a candidate, she has been asked to supply several letters of reference.
all advertising at the national textile and garment convention is subject to approval by the board of directors.
try and be a little more cheerful because if you don't bear upsoon, you'll make everyone else miserable.
we were in a small rowing boat and were terrified that the steamer hadn't seen us as it was bearing downonus.
i fully understand your comments and bearing those inmind, i have made the appropriate decision.
as we have all worked very hard this year, i'm hoping that our efforts will bear fruit
we all have our crossesto bear so i should be grateful if you would stop complaining all the time.
there is really nothing much you can do to stop it and i'm afraid you'll just have togrin and bear it.
i hope you can be patient for a little longer and bear withme while i try and solve the problem.
she has been proved right in everything she did as the report quite clearly bears out.
the judge dismissed the new evidence completely because it had no bearing onthe trial.
quite honestly the two cases are so completely different that they really don't bear comparison
cinemasher latest film attainedits object in a very short space of time, which was to shock.
the critics continueto praise the work of this director whatever films he makes.
the film was the first to show conditions in which poor people lived and as such was to influencefuture directors.
the only reason for them going to the cinema on that day was to find some form of entertainment
the director's intention in making the film was to try and representsimplicity as seen by a child.
the fans outside the cinema on the first showing of the film were unwilling to disperseuntil all the stars had gonehome.
the delay in releasingthe film to the general public was because certain scenes were considered tasteless.
the theme of the second film is quite simply acontinuation of the first.
in the making of the film the direction is quite separatefrom the financing of the project.
very often someone will give a descriptionof a film and when you see it for yourself, it's quite different.
clichesshe's got the kind of job that seems to keep her occupied all the time  24-7
absolutely, i couldn't agree with you more.
i really think we should talk about the subject we wanted to in the first place and addressthe issue.
it's difficult to say exactly how many people are involved but i would say around.
it was one of those sights that you never forget it wasawesome
we don't know precisely how much it will cost but i could give a ball parkfigure of 6 million dollars.
you fill in those forms on a weekly basis
i hope you will be patient and bearwith me a minute.
it's difficult to see how to get out of this situation because we're between a rock and a hardplace.
mistaken identityinterviewer: perhaps you could start by telling us why you've applied for this job
candidate: i think the main reason is because i like working in the open air
interviewer: you mean you like the idea of an office with air conditioning
candidate: i'm sorry i don't understand what you're on about
interviewer: i should have thought this was pretty obvious
candidate: not to me, it isn't
interviewer: i think there must be a mistake, i take it you're mr johnson
candidate: i'm mr jensen. i'm afraid it's a case of mistaken identity
interviewer: so you're not after the job of guardian, i presume
candidate: no, sorry as i said i like working outside, i want to be a gardener, if you don't mind
speaking: at the stationthe train now standingat the platform 6 is the 10.45 for london.
unfortunately it is now 11 o'clock and so there is adelayof 15 minutes already.
the train for london at platform 6 is still there and is notexpected to leave for at least 20 minutes.
the small cafe situated near platform 6 is now offeringfree cups of tea to those waiting for the london train.
severe storms last night together with heavy rainfall means that some of the lines of the station are nowwaterlogged
we thought for a moment that the 10.45 for london might be about to catch fire but it was a falsealarm.
this is a general notice for all passengers: the restaurant in the main concourseis now open.
there was in fact a small fire in the train on platform 6 but we're glad to tell you that the flames have beenextinguished
we regret to announce that the 10.45 for london is now out of service because the driver is having a nervousbreakdown
speaking: at the supermarketwill the driver of the blue ford fiesta xyz  pleasemove their car.
the reason for this is that the fiesta is preventingour delivery lorry from leaving the premises.
we ask theowner of this vehicle to go back to their car as soon as possible and park their car in another space.
this is a customerannouncement we have a special offer at the moment on bananas.
for the next hour it will be possible to buy just one bunchof bananas and get one more free.
further to our requestfor the ford fiesta to be reparked, this matter is now very urgent. our lorry cannot get out.
we have to inform our customers that the store will be closing in half an hour'stime
we would like to remindour customers that over the christmas period we will be closing an hour earlier thanusual.
there are now only ten minutes remaining for you to make your purchasesand go to the checkout.
a final messagefor the driver of the ford fiesta: there is no need now to repark as our delivery lorry has done thatfor you!
speaking: at the theatreladies and gentlemen, i want to thank you for your appreciationof our performance.
we have done this play many times in different towns but your applausehas been the greatest so far.
we will always remember the way you stood up and clappedat some of the speeches in the play.
our leading actor is unable to come on the stage at the moment because he isovercome with emotion.
don't worry i'm sure it's only temporaryand that he'll soon recover before the next performance.
that is the reason why i am standing here and making this short speech
the leading lady is also absent from our stage and you can probably hear her sobbingher heart out as i speak.
i think that the main reasonfor all this emotion is probably the way you have reacted to the play.
you see throughout our currentseason we have never received so much laughter as we have from you.
the reason for this is possibly that you thought it was a comedybut in fact it is a tragedy.
welcome to radio news and now over to ourreporter who's covering the procession this morning.
hi listeners, i should explain that i have a bird'seye view of this magnificent sight as the parade passesunderneath me.
to tell you the truth i shouldn't be perchedup here on top of this large statue of field marshal smith.
there is a long line of soldiers on horseback marching to the sound of a brassband.
it really is quite uncomfortable up here and there's a policeman staringat me, which i don't like.
after the soldiers i can see a group of circus performerswho are jumping and dancing as they go.
next i can see some pensioners slowly moving along the road and some can't walk and are in wheelchairs
that policeman is getting out his notebookand walking near the statue i'm sitting on.
it has started to rain and i shall get soakedto the skin if i stay much longer up here.
oh dear, listeners, i shall have to return you to the studio because the policeman says he is going to arrestme.
i would be most obliged if you allow me to pay later
the other thing i could do is leave my watch as a deposit
i can see by the expression on your face you don't really like the idea
i could phone someone to bring me the money
i see. so what you are saying is i'm holding up your trade
well, i did say i was sorry and i think you're being very unreasonable
you say you have no choice but to call the manager
that sounds a good idea. i'm sure he'll sympathise
all right, all right mr manager. just as you say, of course i'll wash the dishes in the kitchen
accountsin order to check all the telephone calls made during the month i want the account to be itemized
all the representatives are allowed to spend money for entertaining with theirexpenseaccount.
to spread the cost of spending on articles you buy many big departments let you open a credit
once you are earning money and you want to keep it safe, you can always openan account with a bank.
at the end of thirty days the company will ask you tosettle the account.
the finance director is responsible for keepingthe accounts for the business.
at the end of the financial year it is the responsibility of the chief finance officer to publishthe accounts.
before they got married, they decided to open a jointaccount.
if you have saved some money, it is a good idea to put the money into a depositaccount.
however hard i try, i find it impossible to account forthis missing sum of money.
advertisingin order to make a sensible comparison among the different vacuum cleaners available, it is important to do someresearch.
the local department store has to make a sustained effort at this time of the year to satisfy customer demand forsummer clothing.
a good team leader must be able to inspire his colleagues to face the challenge of a downturn in business.
the current trend in children's desire to wear designer label clothes should be exploited.
you have to convince the public that it is in their own interest to read the instructions on all our medicines.
in order to survive in this business you must adopt a competitive stance.
the consumption of alcohol is not allowed in any of the company's premises in order to present a clean image.
when you are setting out to attract new customers in an advertisement, choose the right words.
the really effective television commercial is the one that persuades you of its authenticity.
i can strongly recommend this product as the best available on the market today.
agreementsthe contract was signed by the three partners who thus agreed to abide by terms and conditions contained init.
there was nothing in the contract that specified who would be responsible in the event that one of the partnersbecame seriously ill.
an independent adviser was called in after the collapse of the company to resolve some of the issues that werenot clear.
one of the parties mentioned in the original agreement has decided that she does not want to continue with theprofit-sharing scheme.
in view of the serious problems associated with the takeover the newspaper company has decided to cancel itsoffer of financial help.
the main problem was that the newly formed organisation was not attracting enough work and so theydecided to engage the services of a public relations expert.
that company has been in business for over  years and in fact was established in .
after the complaint had been received from the customer about poor service, she was given a written assurance thatthe matter would be put right.
they were very careful to make sure in the original agreement that provision would be made to pay for staffredundancies.
we decided to employ a solicitor who would be able to determine the extent of our liability in this matter.
applying for that jobi would be very interested inapplying for that job.
do you want to standas a candidate in the local elections?
they are completelyfed up with all the noise in the centre of town.
the reason there are no buses is because the drivers are on strike
the government has changed its policy and had a complete change of heart
this supermarket is trying totarget young shoppers by offering fashionable clothes.
you should have bought upthose shares when they were cheap.
you must try and hurry up because my patience is runningout.
have you ever tried your handat running a business?
after all these years she has decided to take early retirement
are you in debt?going on a spending spree with your credit card and no concern about how you pay back the money youborrow, is a growing habit these days.
there is a popular demand for the system that allows credit companies to offer unlimited credit to youngpeople to be overhauled
it has been disclosed by a government agency that the percentage of under 25 year olds owing large sums tocompanies is on the increase.
one director of a major credit company has already been forced to step down because of the bad publicity hiscompany has attracted.
one solution that has been suggested to control credit is to step up the regulations to make it more difficult to getcredit in the first place.
the main problem is that a debt culture has developed recently believing that it is cool to owe large sums ofmoney.
recent reports have revealed that being in debt is not now looked upon as a disgrace but rather as an attractiveway of life.
in reality it's a very long haul to get from owing to paying off all your debts.
there are frequently clashes in the family home between parents and children about whether you should enterinto credit agreements.
what concerns people most are the mounting fears among governments that it will take at least a generationfor us to be rid of excessive debt.
at the computerwithout the right software i'm afraid you can't access that particular program.
the aim of the office manager is to allocate enough room on the building plans so that each employee can havespace for a personal computer.
remember that before you leave your workstation, always shut down your computer.
it's quite easy if you want to find folders and files on the computer, all you do is click here and it immediatelystarts searching
i have tried and tried again and again and no matter what i do it still shows "error"  i just can't figure out what'swrong.
it's a really clever piece of software because it enables you to display on your screen all the information incolumns.
unfortunately this program is not compatible with the operating system on my computer.
when you see that particular symbol on the screen, you have to take that as a warning that something is wrong.
the main provider of stationery for the office suddenly announced there would be an overall increase in theirprices.
the chief administrative officer disliked lack of attention to detail and insisted that such mistakes should neverrecur
once again the company has had to make a reduction in the number of office staff to try and recoup their losses.
the stock of zip discs in the office is running dangerously low.
if the managers want to stay employed, they will have to learn how to stay on top of their jobs.
it's not worth paying for an annual service when you can simply call the supplier on an as-needed basis.
the new office manager will be in charge of all the it requirements that the company uses.
currently there is a shortage of clerical staff but it is hoped that by the end of the year they will be up to fullcapacity
staff are always encouraged to work by themselves and whenever they meet a problem, they should use theirown initiative
having attended the office procedures course all employees were expected to reinforce what they had learned andintroduce it into their daily routine.
visiting clients had commented on the casual dress code of most of the clerical staff.
the practice of staff doing physical exercises before the start of the day is well established in japanesecompanies.
there is a lengthy procedure used in this office for staff who have produced shoddy work and it begins with averbal warning.
there was no fixed agenda for that particular day as it was to be regarded simply as a casual meeting.
at the interview all the candidates were shown round the building but could only really catch a glimpse of the sortof work being carried out.
they really need to keep a check on the stationery supplies as they've run out of a4 paper once again.
managers prefer to select people who have been exposed to many different types of office environments.
a troubleshooter was brought into the office from another firm to get rid of some very outdated procedures.
at the shopswe got there early so that we could get the best bargains in the sale before anyone else.
if you bear with me, i'll go and see whether we have that in your size.
the trouble with these huge superstores is that they don't have enough checkouts to deal with customers at busytimes.
it started off as a small street corner shop over 30 years ago but it has now expanded into a massive departmentstore.
take a good look at the receipt when you leave so that you can see that all the items have been listed.
whenever i go to the old part of a city, i like to explore all the shops selling antiques.
are you aware of the latest trend in children's clothing?
they're quite strict in their policy of not giving refunds without a receipt in this store.
they have a mandatory restriction in the shop with regard to the number of items of clothing that you can try on atone time.
the extent of the merchandise available in this one store is more than you can possibly imagine.
businessi was pleased to receive your response to my proposal but there are one or two points that need clarification
a report has just been published that gives details of the causes of this trend towards informality in the businesssector.
according to the findings in the report it is clear that employees under the age of 35 prefer to dress casually atwork.
thirty years ago this kind of informality would not have been tolerated
all employees are kindly requested to refrain from smoking in the presence of customers.
the meeting went on for three hours and as a result there was no time left to discuss all the topics on theagenda
there's really no point in hoping to add important topics right at the end of the meeting under the heading ofany other business
the chairman was obliged to bring the meeting to a halt because a fire broke out in the adjoining room.
it is absolutely essential that the clerk takes care to minute any decisions that have been reached during themeeting.
as so few members had turned up at the meeting, it was decided to postpone it until further notice.
shortly after he was dismissed from the firm he decided toset himself up in his own business.
they went intobusiness shortly after their children had left home and got married.
as soon as they heard what had happened, they madeit their business to find out the truth.
i would ask you kindly not to interfere with what i'm doing as in all honesty it'snone of your business.
despite all the alterations that are taking place in the department store, the management wanted to explain itwas business as usual
she knew that there was some kind of funnybusiness going on because strange things were happening.
we really can't delay any more with our plans and must getdown to business as soon as possible.
when the bomb went off, most of the injured were just ordinary people going abouttheir business.
although they had high hopes that they would be successful, they wentout of business within six months.
that's really not my concern at all and i'm certainly not inthe business of telling others what to do.
she was very enthusiastic about her new job and was making rapid progresslike nobody's business.
i really wouldn't joke about it because these people are deadly serious and meanbusiness.
he didn't hesitate to tell me that i wasn't wanted and just told me to mindmy own business.
i'm afraid it won't be possible to talk to the boss today because he's awayon business till tuesday.
he was very keen that we kept in touch and for that reason he handed me his business card
this is the really important part of the machine and that's why we call it the business end
the whole site has nothing but offices and administration centres and that's why we call it a business park
all the famous film stars, actors, directors and writers were at the festival representing the world of showbusiness.
code of practicethe company had its own code of practicein these matters.
this is a primeexample of what not to do.
plans have already been drawn upto deal with such situations.
thousands ofsubscribersare already signing up for this new telephone service.
job losses are mainly in theblue-collar sectors of the industry.
the circular will contain keyfinancial information to help investors.
the report is likelyto show better than expected results.
so many of these animals have been shot over the years that they are now classed as endangeredspecies.
some people are reluctantto learn a foreign language.
it was a big sacrificefor her to give up her acting career to look after her family.
computersmy computer is not capable of saving material on a separate disc because it has no floppy drive.
i understand that i can make it possible for both my computers to share the same programs by means ofnetworking
i had only had my computer for three weeks when i had to have the hard drive replaced
laptop computers are becoming more and more popular in the business world.
you have to have a really sharp mind in order to get your head round some of today's computing technology.
the great advantage of having an external zip drive is that you can use it as an extra means of storage
they tried very hard to install the new components on the computer but the language in the manual was tootechnical for them to understand.
when you look at the modern office today you could compare the changes with those that took place in theindustrial revolution in the 19th century.
in order to facilitate the method by which staff pay is calculated the company has bought a new software package.
obviously a computer can take all the hard work out of processing a large mass of data.
credit card holdersthe stock market has hit new lowsthis year.
the government has decided to hold anenquiry into the latest financial scandal.
the animal rights organisation haslauncheda new campaign to make people aware of cruelty to animals.
i was totally unawareof the increased taxes.
the price of petrol has risenagain.
the ordinary person is again being asked to stump upto pay for dental treatment.
this car is intended for the exportmarket only.
credit card holders struggle very hard to reducethe amount they owe.
this charity was set up to collectmoney for the poor.
everything turned outall right in the end.
employment and trainingwe're paying for a stand at the new industrial exhibition with a view to generating interest among potentialemployees in our company.
for the first three months of your employment with the firm you will be under the care of a mentor
although she was very tempted to accept the job she was offered, she had to reject the offer because thesalary would have been insufficient.
a university education is of course important but it is essential that all employees undergo a period of intensivetraining
a newsletter is sent out every ten days to all the staff so that they receive a regular update on recentappointments.
part of the ongoing training is to ensure that a regular time and place are set up for department heads to meettheir staff.
the head of department acknowledged that the success of the section was largely due to high quality supportstaff.
the pace of change in that industry is so fast that staff find it hard to keep up with the latest developments.
it is the policy of the company to conduct all interviews for new recruits with a member of the trade union present.
in view of the excessive workload you have at the moment i won't expect you to keep on track during the next fewdays.
financeit's a gamble at the moment whether the company will make profit in its second year but that nevertheless isthe desired aim.
each year the chancellor of the exchequer stands up in the house of commons and gives a forecast of what isseen as the economic outlook for the country.
i think that your financial optimism is not really justified and you should adopt a more realistic attitude.
if you want to increase sales of a particular product, you must be sure that you are targeting the right customers.
the idea caught on very quickly and people were queuing up to buy the goods so that year the company'sinvestment yielded substantial profits.
overall it has not been a bad year as our costs are well down on last year's.
managers complained bitterly at the annual general meeting that levels of production had dropped to an alltime low.
you have to accept that this kind of expenditure is quite typical in an enterprise of this kind.
the figures that have just been published by the company's accountants will give management some kind ofperspective on how sales are going.
whenever a member of staff makes a claim for travel expenses, they have to provide a detailed account of theirjourneys.
you are never too young to start investingsome money in a savings account.
if ever you find you have an unexpected expense, you can always withdrawsome money from your savings.
at certain times of the year your shares will yielda good profit but you must also be prepared for them to godown in value.
you can cutthe cost of insuring your car if you keep it in a garage.
we got a very good dealwhen we bought that three piece suite for half its usual price.
now that the summer has started, big department stores are hoping that sales of holiday items will take off
the two companies have decided to mergebecause they believe that their combined resources will producegreater profits.
when someone dies and their assetsreach a certain figure, their family has to pay an additional tax.
the loan you have taken out is for a fixedterm, which in your case is 5 years.
the larger company did not really want to join with the smaller one because it was more interested in atakeover
trading on the stockmarket just before christmas is usually very slow.
this sport centre has largely been fundedby money that has come from the national lottery.
the reason for the slowdownin the economy is because there is a great deal of uncertainty at the moment.
the upturnin the market was seen as a positive sign that the recession was over.
the orderbooks for manufacturers of small cars are now full following the rise in petrol.
the future of his job was atstake when he made the decision to invest in new machinery.
after their house had beenvalued, they decided to sell it and buy a bigger one.
fifty people were maderedundantwhen the company suffered a severe financial shock.
the great thing about this guarantee is that there is never any doubt and there is noquibble about getting yourmoney back.
there is a substantialshortfall between the money you have available and the amount you need to spend.
when you retire, you should get a pension and a lumpsum from your employers.
investors are people who put money into a business in the hope of making a profit.
when you take out a large loan over many years, you don't start paying off the capitalfor some time.
we will make no chargefor the catalogue, which you can take with our compliments.
it may seem a long way into the future but in the end you will get some benefitfrom your investment.
there is still an outstandingbalance on that account, which must be paid in 30 days.
interest ratesare at their lowest level since the 's.
guarantees and warrantiesif you go to an unauthorized garage to have your car serviced, the consequence is that your warranty will be invalid.
the guarantee, as i understood it, implied that everything was covered.
i regret to inform you that as your guarantee expired last week, we can't help you.
a warranty is to be looked on as a sort of promise between the manufacturer and you.
sometimes people don't bother about guarantees because the reputation of the manufacturer is enough for them.
certain warranties require the purchaser to have the item serviced at regular intervals.
you will find that such warranties are not worth buying because the cover provided is frequently not worth the extraexpense.
this kind of legislation is in existence to protect the customer from worthless warranties.
you sometimes have to consider very seriously whether to buy a second hand car which has no guarantee.
sometimes you get a one year warranty, a two year one or even a six month one  they all vary
how to agreeyou can be absolutely sure i'm on your side
you can relyon me for your support.
our views clearlycoincide at this point i'm pleased to say.
fortunately the leader and all her members were singing from the same hymnsheet.
it's good that we both have the same way of lookingat things.
i'm pleased to say that we speak on this matter with one voice
i certainly won'traise any objection when you make your proposal.
i'm withyou all the way as far as that's concerned.
i'm happy to endorsethose sentiments and wish you every success.
when it comes to the vote i'm willing to put my handup and support you.
how to apologizeplease forgiveme for interrupting you, i didn't realize you were busy with someone else.
i'm very sorrythat i'm late but there is a train strike on at the moment.
please send my apologiesto the meeting as i shan't be able to attend.
there's really no excusefor my behaviour last night. i can only think that i'd had too much to drink.
i know i shouldn't have made those remarks about your work and i hope you now know how deeply i regretwhat i said.
i must begyour pardon, i mistook you for somebody else.
if it helps to put things right, please let me take backeverything i said earlier.
please accept this small present as my way of makingamends for all the trouble i've caused.
all i can do now is simply beg your indulgenceand hope that in time we can get back to where we used to be.
in their religion as long as they repent, they will be forgiven their sins.
how to ask the wayam i going in the rightdirection for the post office?
can you tell me please how i getto the cinema from here?
could you pleasepointme in the direction of the motorway?
i'm making for the m25 motorway  is this road the most directroute?
could you tell me please how fari am from the town centre?
can you help please because i've lost my way and needto get to the shops before closing time?
i'm makingfor the town hall  am i anywhere near?
i took the wrong turningat the last road junction, can you tell me how i get back on the motorway?
according to this map i should be near the church. is it near?
is this rightfor the railway station?
how to complaini'm really not satisfied with the way you havehandledthe situation.
i've really had enough of all your excuses, what i want is some action
you've refused to help me now for six months and so i shall now have to take the matterfurther
i must insistyou do something immediately as i've been patient long enough.
i now want some kind of compensation for the totallack of service i've experienced.
i'm obviously not getting anywhere with my complaint please let me talk to someone seniorto you.
i'm very unhappy with the way i've been treated. no one seems at all interested in my case.
i believe i have very goodgrounds for suing your company for negligence.
if you don't do something today, i shall be forcedto take legal action.
you're the tenth person i've been put through to and i'm on the point of losing my temper
how to criticizequite honestly i didn't thinkmuch of the standard of acting in the play.
if you want my honestopinion, i thought the food tasted revolting.
to come straight to the pointi think the management team needs replacing.
there are several matters on which i should like to takeissue concerning your report.
there's really no virtue in me pussyfootingaround because i might as well tell you it's awful.
i have a long listof things i think are wrong, where shall i start?
i'm afraid to tell you that your standard of work has fallen well below what we think is acceptable
in all honesty if i said that everything was all right, i'd simply be lying
if you can't improve your level of work, i'm afraid you'll have to look elsewherefor another job.
i'm sick and tiredof always having to put right your mistakes.
how to disagreei'm sorry but i can't shareyour opinion on that.
i very much regret that we must partcompany on that issue.
let's be honest about it we'll never agree on that because our views are diametrically opposed
we'll never agree, that's clear so let's begto differ.
you can argue with me till the cows come homebut i can't accept that.
i really see no point in continuing this argument because we have no commonground.
there's absolutely no way i can meetyou on that matter.
nothing in the world will ever make me change my mindon that subject.
i would love to meet you half way but i'm afraid i can't because with me it's a matter of principle
let's faceit, you and i will never see eye to eye on this.
how to encouragewell done! this is a very good piece of work.
i must congratulate you on your efforts. keepit up!
don't give up whatever you do. i'm sure you'll makeit in the end.
i'll standby you no matter what happens.
i'm sure if you persevere, you'll succeed.
you've clearly got talentand it's obvious that you'll get to the top.
i've watched a lot of young people try to make a success of it, but you're the only one i really believein.
i see no reasonwhy you shouldn't be accepted as an employee.
never giveup. that's a good philosophy.
you mustn't ever beput off by a few setbacks.
how to make exclamationswhat a wonderful day to see the mountains on!
how stupid can i get! i leftmy keys in the door overnight.
for goodness sake stop complainingabout the weather! it'll stop raining soon.
what on earth are you talking about? i can't make head or tailof it.
how nice of you to come all this wayjust to wish me a happy birthday.
what a disaster! i don't believe anything else could gowrong now.
wow! you've certainly made a goodjob of decorating this room.
well blow me down! i just can't believe i've actually passedmy exam.
you could have knocked me down with a feather! you mean to say he's actuallycleaned my car.
i'll go to the foot of my stairs! it must be at leastyears since we last met.
insurance policy vocabularyi took out a life insurancepolicywith state ranch insurance company last week.
my insurance premiumsare only $70 per month.
in the event of my death, the beneficiarywill be my widow.
my insurance does not coverme if i commit suicide.
the amount of money that my wife will get has already been calculated by state ranch's actuary
if i decide that i no longer need my insurance, i can cash it in for the amount of itsreturn value.
before i got the insurance, i had to receive a complete physical examination.
i am feeling great, because the doctor told me that i have a life expectancyof 82 years!
even if i am late in paying, the insurance remains in effect for a graceperiod of 30 days.
the insurance is pretty expensive though: i am a policeman, so there are a lot of occupational hazards
it's no good spending a small fortune on new it equipment as it's more cost effective to hire it.
one of the fashionable ways of saying you've been sacked is to say that your company is downsizing butyou've still lost your job.
the important thing to realise is that your service is not a little island on its own because all the services in thiscompany are interconnected.
whereas ten years ago we only dealt with customers in this country nowadays we are truly global with branchesall over the world.
one of the most successful tools in your organisation is that of good communication because everybody knows what'sgoing on.
let me just recap what we have agreed in the agenda so far if nobody minds me going over it all again.
you have to realise that not all your clients can reach you online because they don't have access to a computer.
there are times when you have to force yourself to improve your performance and that's simply called self-motivation
you must think big in this business and not just think short term but what you hope to do in ten years' time.
her job in the company was to sort out the relevant information thereby filtering it so that only appropriatematerial was sent to her directors.
she told him to stop wasting time by coming up with tried and tested ideas and in this way simply re-inventingthe wheel
the product had been on the market for some years and was selling well but somehow the image was in needof a face lift or enhancement
in the hope of finding fresh ideas he used the internet to help him by using as many search portals as he coulddiscover.
you must increase the sale of this commodity by trying to interest a different age range and by tapping into theirsociety.
you'll never make any more money or generate new income if you keep using that unimaginative marketing logo.
now that you've explained the scope and dimension of the market, we are very keen to inject some money into yourproject.
there is always a risk in any business venture when your scheme is based on an entirely new concept.
get in there first and don't hesitate to act as the boss and take the lead
interviews and jobsone of the most important qualities which the panel is looking for in a candidate is the abilityto work withothers.
once the applications have been looked at the usual procedure for the panel is to follow upthe references ofthose candidates who have been shortlisted.
they were so impressed with the way she reacted to their questions that they didn't hesitateto offer her the job.
as this job was of a very specialist nature an expertwas invited to join the interview panel.
after the interview one of the candidates constantlyphoned the office to see whether he had been successful.
she was in such a state of extreme nervousness when she was called infor the interview that she burst into tears.
from the point of view of relevantbackground she was the ideal candidate at least on paper.
it is absolutely essential in an interview to give the impression at least that you are full of confidence
one of the most popular questions asked of interviewees is to explain their strengths and weaknesses
each candidate was asked to presenta short account of how they saw the future of the company.
invoicesthere is an additional charge added to the price of the product if you want to have it delivered to your house.
you should have read the terms of payment as soon as you received the invoice for the goods.
in order to cut down the expenses of compiling and sending out the invoices, you need to employ an efficientadministrator.
it's always a good idea to get an estimate of what the cost of the work will be before the invoice lands on yourdoormat.
i do like to get a prompt reply to my letters especially when they are referring to the amount of money i'msupposed to be paying.
just as we were about to leave the restaurant, the waiter came running up to apologize there had been a mistakein the bill.
the company were very quick to point out it was their fault we had been sent the wrong invoice and they rectifiedit immediately.
in view of our previous orders over the last year we were offered a 10% discount on any future dealings.
he appreciated the additional welcome and help he received from the department store staff as he had afterall been a longstanding customer
she got quite angry about the size of the invoice until it was pointed out that it was the government who imposedthe value added tax.
job interviewtell us something about your backgroundin the engineering industry?
i see from yourapplication form that you have had three different jobs in the last 5 years.
what sort of periodof time would you stay with us if we offered you the job?
describe how you would describe yourselfin five years' time.
give us some idea of what you believe are your strengthsand weaknesses.
as this is a managerial post, we must ask you how you deal with bad timekeeping or unpunctuality in anemployee.
imagine one of your staff loses her temper and shouts at you in front of others, how would you dealwith this?
what would you say to a member of your staff who always handedhis work in late?
i should explain that we would naturallyhonour any previous holiday arrangements you have made.
finally now that we've asked you several questions, do you want to putany to us?
legal expressionsif you drive faster than the stated speed limit, you are simply breaking the law.
however angry you may get at what someone has done to you, the police always advise you not to take thelaw into your own hands
in london in any underground station it is against the law to smoke.
even if you think you may have got away with a crime, in most cases the long arm of the law will catch you.
in that particular industry everyone has to look after themselves because the law of the jungle rules.
they have no respect for modern conventions and do exactly what they want  they are a law untothemselves.
her parents are very strict and frequently lay down the law about the way she behaves.
although technically his judgement was not according to the letter of the law, most people thought the judgewas right to let the man go free.
i get the impression sometimes that she thinks she can never do anything wrong almost as if she is above thelaw.
all governments want people to live in peace and comfort and so they try to promote a sense of law andorder
and to try and make an appointmentto meet you and discuss my problem with you have been unsuccessful.
i would like to tell you the story from the verybeginning.
in january this year i bought a washing machine from you for which i paid cash
and made arrangementsfor it to be delivered to my home in southcote on the following tuesday.
i stayed in all day on purposeas you had informed me that you could not be sure at what time of day the washingmachine would arrive.
in the end nobody came that day. when i phoned, i was told it wouldcome the following tuesday.
again i stayed in all day invainand there was no delivery.
after six more phone calls i eventuallysucceeded in settling on a date
and the machine came on tuesday february 20th  almost 5 weeks after the promiseddelivery date.
apparently one of the components was faulty and he recommended that i got back to you so that a replacementcould be fitted.
when i telephoned your store and explained the situationto your receptionist,
i was greetedwith the comment, 'oh not you again'
which i found mostoffensiveespecially since throughout the protracted period of waiting for the machine
i remained calm although i believe i have every reason for kickingup a fuss.
i eventually got putthroughto the technical department
who were most offhand
and told me there was littlethat could be done immediately
since there were a number of people offsick.
and one of your technical staff came out to see me with the intention of replacing the defectivepart.
unfortunately he hadbrought the wrong part with him
and was very unsureas to when he would be able to find the right part and get it back to me.
another visit took placein late april but the engineer, although he had got the right part with him, was unable tomake the washing machine work.
it was at this stage that i was seriously considering getting ridof the machine
and asking for a refund
when i raisedthis matter with one of your staff
i was informed that this was out of the question
and they would send someone in the 'nearfuture'.
and meet you face to face so that the matter could be settled once and for all
admittedly i should have checked first since when i reached the shop i was led to believe that you were out for theday.
throughout this time of course i have been without thefacility of a washing machine
and have had to use the local launderette
from the end of may until august i have been away on business and was surprised that duringthat period
no effort has been made to write to me and keep me upto date.
since returning in september i have made at least a dozen phone calls and quite frankly i have reached theend of my tether.
and must insistthat you do something immediately to put the matter right.
if i do not hear from you by the end of this week i shall be forced to seeklegal advice.
moneyit's useful when you go to an auction if you're ready with cash in hand
i prefer to deal in hardcash rather than cheques.
every office has a certain amount of pettycash to pay for things like tea, coffee or stamps.
at the moment we are experiencing some cash flowproblems because little money is coming in.
at the casino you can cashin your chips at the desk.
whatever she does, she just can't help makingmoney.
there doesn't seem to be anyone working really hard for the business and yet they all seem to earn easymoney.
if you don't want to use a cheque or postal order, you can always use a moneyorder
that new invention has been very successful and has proved to be a money spinnerfor its creator.
this machine is obviously useless and if i were you i'd get your money back
as the builder wanted cash for the work he had done, she had to go to the bank personally to take out the moneyherself.
it was considered a very good time to apply for a mortgage to buy the house because interest rates were very low.
before they could borrow a large sum of money to buy the house, they had to make sure they had enoughmoney to be able to make a down payment.
all the transactions you make on your internet account are recorded so that you can check the details at any time.
i'm afraid this cheque will be of no value until you have put your signature on it.
the bank refused to accept the money order because the customer had no proof of identity.
under the rules laid down by the bank there is a restriction on the amount of money you can get out from a cashmachine in any one day.
the bank clerk at the counter did not know the customer and in view of the large amount of money involvedwas naturally cautious about paying out the sum on the cheque.
the bank will simply not let you borrow any money unless you can prove that you have been in regularemployment for at least three years.
the company fell heavily into debt when it took on too many customers and offered them all cheap warranties.
once you have built up your company, you must remember to keep in touch with your original clients
each department within the organisation is given a budget within which it has to remain for the whole year.
when the time came to close the business down, its entire assets had to be calculated so that the creditorscould be paid off.
the manager called in her chief clerk because she could not reconcile the figures on the monthly spreadsheet.
every year the college finance officer did not look forward to the visit from the government official who came toaudit the accounts.
it was a great relief to charlie when he realized that he had come to the end of his agreement with the bankand there was only one outstanding payment left.
the building society sent a letter to all its savers and borrowers that there would be a reduction in the interest rate.
shortly after the couple had bought their first house, they saw the number of bills accumulate rapidly.
there is no need to worry about the money side of the project because funds are available from the charitysponsoring us.
the present finance minister has adopted a very conservative approach towards change and always follows a verycautious policy.
as all advisers always do, she stressed that investing in this particular market had to be considered as a long-termcommitment over at least 10 years.
the best way to develop an income for the future is to invest in a series of companies and in that way to buildup a portfolio
i strongly recommend investing in these shares because you will get a very good return after only a few years.
the question is whether it is wise to sell up all your shares at this stage rather than wait to see how the marketis next year.
there is no question that the most important resource in that company is its youthful enthusiasm.
if you want to make a good job of selling shares to the public, you must have an element of aggression in yourapproach.
it's a personal matter whether you choose stock from this company or from that because in the end it's an attitudeof mind.
if you are self-employed, you must make sure that you fill outthe form indicating how much you have earned.
if the department agrees that you have paid too much tax in the year, you will receive a refundin due course.
each month when you receive your pay, the employer withholdsa certain amount to pay towards your pension.
when you take out a loan, you have to pay interest on the amount you owe
in the tax office there will be a filethat holds all the documents and papers connected with you.
there is quite a heavy financial penalty attached to any action that involves late payment of taxes.
under the new regulations you can agree yourself to calculatethe tax you have to pay on the income over theprevious year.
as the couple had a jointaccount, the money to pay the mortage was taken from there.
you can decide, if you so wish, to give upyour right to take your pension at an earlier date.
money slang expressionsmary: did you know there are loads of slang words for money, like bread for example?
john: i suppose there are when you come to think about it  like dough, which is similar to your word bread.
mary: one of my favourites is dosh. i like the sound of it.
john: well if you're referring to sound. what about spondulicks?
mary: yes, that's excellent. another short sound that appeals to me is brass.
john: another one that rhymes with jolly is the word lolly.
mary: an expression which sounds very decadent of course is filthy lucre.
john: that's true and then there's that word that also has the same meaning as something that's been stolen loot.
mary: the one that sounds very grand because it in a way hides the fact that it means money and that's thewherewithal.
john: actually, i'm a little embarrassed about this but i haven't any money to pay for the bus home. do you think youcould lend me some readies?
online marketing campaignshe was going to discuss the matter either with her colleagues or her family.
our project team tried hard to think of all the possible alternatives before making a decision.
timing can be extremely crucial when you're considering launching a new online marketing campaign.
are you able to accept our conditions of delivery in line with our recent invoice?
fortunately for us we're finding our new internet division is showing an increased profit
following some recent research our engineers found that our index system has scope for fast improvement.
in our line of business it is vital to host our website on our own server instead of getting someone else to do it.
before you employ new staff you should carry out a careful examination of their personal qualities andprofessional experience.
thanks to the high standards of service we offer our customers, we have been able to establish an excellentreputation
an interactive website can save your organisation significant amounts of time and money that would otherwise bespent on correspondence.
pay and allowanceson the basis of her ten years' service she immediately qualified for the extended annual leave of six weeks.
although he knew it was a sensitive subject, his boss had to ask him the delicate question about his drinkproblem.
at the interview each applicant was able to negotiate the level of remuneration they would be expecting to receive.
under the new flexible arrangements coming into force soon all employees can decide what time to start andwhen to finish.
according to the contract you are not eligible for the new allowance until you have been with the company oneyear.
the only way you can hope to raise the level of your pay is to take on greater responsibility.
she is trying to get some form of compensation to make up for the poor working conditions she had to put up with for allthose years.
of course there is a little extra added to your salary because you will benefit from the inner city allowance.
the hourly wage for all part time clerical assistants has gone up by 40% since .
remember when you stop work and retire, you will be able to receive the company pension.
planning a businessit is essential before starting a business to work on a plan to avoid problems later on.
the biggest risk in business can be eliminated if you have sufficient capital to start with.
even when the economic situation is strong, there is always present the need for planning in a new business.
whatever happens in the future there is absolutely no substitute for good market research before you launch a newproduct.
your primary concern is naturally the plan but don't forget your capital or your premises.
when people are considering whether to loan your new business a substantial sum, they are going to evaluateyour potential.
it is worthwhile gathering as much market research information as possible before you work out your plan.
her next task was to have a meeting with the bank manager to demonstrate that she had a secure enough plan towarrant a loan.
there are certain weaknesses in your plan that need to be addressed urgently if you are to succeed.
since the start of the business many new ideas have developed out of the original plan.
product improvementbefore the product is put on the market, the company must ascertain whether it complies with safety standards.
it is absolutely essential to do some thorough research before you even think of putting a new product on themarket.
you have a responsibility to the public to ensure your toy products are suitable for children to play with.
the company is busy trying to solve the problems arising from the sudden drop in sales of their cosmeticproducts.
the job of the organizer of this particular section is to train the members to deal politely with any complaints fromthe public.
inspiration has its place in any form of product development but at the same time you also need to adoptsome kind of systematic approach.
a logical approach to new ideas is to be welcomed but you do need a strong element of imagination as well.
since  or if you like within the last decade, there have been many products that have failed because of poormarketing.
we would definitely like to examine the proposal you have presented to us with a view to including it in our currentrange of products.
as we have enough money in our present budget, we are happy to launch this new product in the nature of anexperiment
quality controlthe reason why i always buy my clothes at this store is because all thebrands they sell are of very high quality.
before these articles leave the factory to be forwarded to the retailer, each one is thoroughly inspected
the advantages of working for this company is that all employees perceivethemselves as a member of the team.
if for any reason customers do not like the item they have bought, they always take it backand get a refund.
the great thing about this particular material is that however much you screw it up, it never wrinkles
the company insists that all their products are uniformin respect of their quality, specification and look.
this is the department for children's clothes and eachgarment is marked with the recommended age range.
the sole purpose of this jacket is to repelwater and if you wear it in the rain and still get wet, it's useless.
the whole look of the shop front is enhancedby the introduction of bright colours.
these pots are being sold as seconds because each one has a slight defectin the glaze.
super supermarketsif you ask someone for their stance on supermarkets as opposed to the small corner shop, you will get varyingreplies.
the first question you have to ask is who are the customers that they are each trying to target
when you tell the inhabitants of a small village that the little local store is going to close, many will expressdismay
there will naturally be splits in the various sections of the community as to the benefits or disadvantages oflosing the little store.
of course we all get plagued with endless leaflets through the door telling us of bargains at the local supermarket.
big discussions take place in the area as to whether a supermarket will come to the area and waiting for theoutcome can be quite nerve racking for the small shop owner.
inquiries are held which seem to go on forever and you only wish that the procedure could be speeded up
protest meetings are held but invariably they end in a shambles because they are not organized properly.
then the final result is announced that there is to be a merger between easishop and goshop, which willthen become a super supermarket.
the confused customer is now in a terrible dilemma because in the old days there was just one brand of butter tobuy and now there is a choice of 24.
taxesif you are self-employed, it is your responsibility to calculate how much tax you should legally pay.
i had a letter from the office of the collector of taxes telling me that i had to pay back all the money i owedover the last 3 years.
the arrangement they have is that all the money that has to be paid in tax out of their earnings comes fromtheir joint account.
under the current legislation if you are late in paying your taxes, then you have to face a financial penalty
he is in a terrible rush to complete his tax returns by tuesday otherwise he won't be able to reach the deadline
it doesn't happen very often but i actually got some money from the tax office and with the refund i'm going totreat myself.
before you can claim any money back on overpayment of tax, you have to fill out an application form.
you can elect, if you want, to transfer your tax free allowance to your spouse
until it's clearly established which tax group you are in, your employer will be asked to withhold a certain amountof your pay.
there have been so many queries about his tax situation that there is now a huge file containing the detailsin the office.
verbal communication skillsremember that this happened first and was prior to the episode that happened afterwards.
as the police saw the accident themselves, the driver avoided the necessity of having to give a detailed report.
it's a complete waste of time arguing over who was to blame, the main thing we have to do is decide what to donext.
it was easy to realise why the machine had stopped working since it was a direct consequence of his failure to maintainit.
i am completely confused as to why she did it and so it's not difficult to imagine why other people are mystified,too.
if you want to try and influence that political party it's best to become a member yourself and then you canargue from the inside
i have great sympathy for them at this time because i have had a similar experience.
feel free to visit anything of interest to you in the exhibition and also you can partake of any of the refreshmentsavailable.
many of the people in the crowd were visibly crying because they all sympathized with those who had lost relatives inthe disaster.
i assure you that you will have no problem with the task because it's as easy as can be.
ways of commentingif you want my honest opinion, i thought the play wasrubbish
it was quite a good film but i thought the characters were a bit like cardboard
it's quite a nice car but there was not very much roomin the back.
she's pleasant enough but not very pretty. in fact i'd say she was rather plain
the first time you see the view you can't believe it. it almost takes your breath away
i sat through the concert feeling really bored and sleepy and had to stop myself from yawningseveral times.
it was one of the most embarrassing moments of my life and i just wanted the ground to openup and swallowme.
in my opinion no one in their right mind would ever go and pay to see a play likethat.
the room was good, the bed was comfortable and the service was excellent but the hotel food left a lot to bedesired
to be perfectly honest with you i think that this is the best test i've ever taken in my entire life
ways of disagreeingi'll have to partcompany with you there, i'm afraid.
there's no way i can acceptthat.
we'll have to agree to differover that.
don't even think about it! i can't possibly take that on board
no matter how persuasiveyou are, i won't change my mind.
you can't talk until the cowscome home. i won't accept that scheme.
sorry the subject is now closed
i regret i have no choice but to reject the plan out of hand
no matter how much you object, i am convincedi am right and you're wrong.
you might as well admit it! you haven't alegto stand on.
ways of disapprovingthere is no way that i can agree to you leaving early today.
i must object and make it clear that i am totally against any measures that suggest changes to the originalscheme.
he has the habit of always rejecting any idea that will change the current arrangements.
i cannot condone that sort of behaviour in my establishment and would ask you to remember that in future.
i have no choice really but to turn down your recent proposal because it is completely unworkable.
they can't possibly go along with your suggestions because it will involve too much expenditure.
quite honestly i'd have to be out of my mind to sanction what is a crazy proposition.
when her father discovered that his daughter wanted to marry a pop singer, he decided to put every obstacle intheir way to prevent the marriage.
he told me there was definitely no chance that i would pass my examination until i did some work.
you could tell by the way he refused to smile that he didn't like the story.
ways of greetinggreat to see you again. i haven't seen you forages.
welcome to our house. come in and make yourself comfortable
how do you do? i don't think we've met before
hi mary. where have you been hidingyourself all this time?
good morning, sir. i hope you will have an enjoyable stayin our hotel.
good evening to you all. let me find you a tablenear the window.
how are you, david.? i must admityou're looking very well.
hello there. i just don't believe it. you haven't changed a bitsince we last met.
ah, you must be mary's husband. do come in and meeteveryone.
here you are at last! i hope your journeyhere wasn't too horrible.
ways of showing angeri've had just as much as i can stomachfrom you.
you do that again and i'llbite your head off.
i'm sorry but i can't take any more. i'm afraid i've reached screamingpoint.
you just daretouch that piece of paper and i'll kill you.
how many more times do i have to repeatit to you, stupid?
i know you find this highly amusing but to me it's nolaughing matter.
i'm warning you. i can take just that much and nomore.
everybody just get outof my way and leave me alone.
not another word from either of you. that's final
right. i'm leaving. you can do whatever you like. i couldn't care less
ways of showing pleasurenow that's what i call absolutely perfect
you couldn't have made that drink better if you'd tried.
what a delightfulscent those flowers give off when you touch them.
words just failme when i try to say how happy i am.
i can safelysay that i don't think i've ever enjoyed myself so much before.
there's really nothing like it, is there when you find you've gotall the answers to the test right?
the only problem with your cooking is that the more i eat, the more i want somemore.
i must be dreamingbecause it's all too good to be true.
just let me try one more of your delicious chocolates and then i'll promisenot to take any more.
it's absolute blisshere. i think i'll stay at this hotel one more week.
ways of thankingwords can't possiblyexpress how grateful i am for what you have done.
thank you so much for helping me. i really appreciateit.
a thousand thanks for all your hard work. i shall never forgetit.
they showed their great gratitude by sending us a largesum of money.
thank you for all you've done from the bottomof my heart.
i'm sending this bunch of flowers as a smalltokenof my thanks and appreciation.
how can i possiblythank you enough for all you've done?
on the watch they gave him were the words: ingratitude for 40 years loyal service.
it's very difficult for children to enclosetheir gratitude for what their parents have done for them.
look upon this as a sortof thank you present for all your endeavours on our behalf.
ways of threateningif i've toldyou once, i've done it a hundred times. don't do it!
i'll give you just one morechance and after that, you'll be in real trouble.
i'm telling you loud and clearthat you really must get it right this time.
she told him that if his manners didn't improve, he would be sent home.
he agreed because he said it was like having a gun held to his head
i'll lend you money for the very last time because after that you're on yourown
i can't tell you how lucky you've been this time but just waittill next time.
i'm prepared to overlookyour mistake on this occasion but i can't ever do it again.
if you leave me now, you don't needto come back.
let me put it simply one more incident like that and you're out on your ear!
working wellthe boss was appointed in the hope that she would be able to achieveresults.
in the very beginning she had a meeting with all the staff, which turned out to be extremely productive
although many people wanted to remain loyalto her predecessor, they soon started to respect her style ofmanagment.
at the first series of interviews the question was whether to appoint a newcomer orpromote a current employee.
the decision was finally taken that appointments should be based purely and simply on merit
there was a new spirit in the company and for the first time in ages staff at last felt they were being valued
employees were beginning to receiverecognitionfor the hard work that they had been doing.
it soon became apparent that under the new management people were also starting to contributesome of their freetime to the company.
some of the longest serving staff actually looked forwardto coming into work.
at the end of her first year it was obviousto everyone that as the new boss she had been totally accepted.
a good real estate rental marketray alcorn of park real estate inc remarks that real estate is a capital-intensive industry, and its health risesand falls with capital availability; currently the capital markets are so flush with cash, they can't find a place forit all.
boom times typically engender oversupply of product, but construction prices have skyrocketed due to naturaldisasters and rising commodity prices, which has tempered new building in all property types.
rising consumer interest rates will further slow consumer purchasing and the housing market, and mayproduce the desired soft landing
historically, contractions in capital have a negative effect on valuations, and current rumblings from governmentregulators aiming to trim commercial banks' real estate loan exposure are worrisome.
global markets are literally awash in capital, all of it seeking yield and stability; fortunately, commercial realestate offers both, and even if banks are constrained there is a surfeit of capital to fill the void.
construction costs have gone through the roof in the past year due to natural disasters and increasedcommodity prices.
high construction costs and condo conversions have reduced new supply and a slowing housing marketincreases rental demand, so owners can now flex their muscles with rent increases, and those who bought athigh valuations may yet get the last laugh
areas with declining employment and population will experience an acceleration of those trends, and investorswill not acquire properties in such markets without good reason to believe a comeback is in the offing
retail properties will suffer as owners rediscover risk as a component of value, but most of these assets areowned by well-capitalized private equity groups that can easily ride out the storm.
acquisition of stabilized properties at low cap rates with little potential for rent growth is a sure recipe for belowmarket returns.
a quick history of advertisingencarta's history of advertising notes that archaeologists have found evidence of advertising dating back to the sbc, among the babylonians.
one of the first known methods of advertising was the outdoor display, usually an eye-catching sign painted on thewall of a building.
an outdoor advertisement excavated in rome offers property for rent, and one found painted on a wall in pompeiicalls the attention of travelers to a tavern.
in medieval times word-of-mouth praise of products gave rise to a simple but effective form of advertising, theuse of so-called town criers
these were citizens who read public notices aloud and were also employed by merchants to shout the praises oftheir wares.
although graphic forms of advertising appeared early in history, printed advertising made little headway until theinvention of the movable-type printing press by german printer johannes gutenberg about .
in the united states, the advertising profession began in philadelphia, pennsylvania, in , when volney b.palmer set up shop as an advertising agent, the forerunner of the advertising agency.
rocky shores that lack beaches are eventually destroyed by the sea.
a person's blood flows through a pipeline of vessels that, end to end, would stretch more than two and a half times around the earth at the equator.
all paper is formed into sheets from cellulose fibers
a silkworm has glands that secrete a liquid that hardens into silk when comes into contact with air.
recently doctors warned that too much animal fat in the diet can lead to heart disease, so special types of margarine made with vegetable oils are becoming popular.
a reagent is any chemical that reacts in a predictable way when mixed with other chemicals.
penicillin is perhaps the drug which has saved more lives than any other in the history of medicine.
biochemists use fireflies to study bioluminescence, the heatless light given off by certain plants and animals..
the opening section of a sonata is the longest and introduces its principal theme.
igneous rock originates from the cooling and solidification of molten matter from the earth's interior.
although the audience was well informed, no one knew of what he spoke.
with its antlers webbed like the feet of a duck, the north american moose is easy to identify.
the most brilliant greek inventor was archmedes , who lived about  years ago.
in , at the age of twenty-four , alice freeman parmer became head of the history department at wellesley.
there was not a single hard-surfaced road during the entire colonial period aside from city streets.
it was in  that the declaration of independence was signed.
in the eighteen century, there were not many women who had access to formal education in the colonies.
after the revolution, although some advances were made in education it was a slow process.
mountaineering as we know today was developed by the swiss scientist horace de sassure around .
the marathon, first staged in , commemorated the legendary feat of a greek soldier who carried news of victory from the battlefield at marathon to athens.
the olympic torch burns throughout the games and is then extinguished at the closing ceremony.
some fish sense distortions of electrical field through special receptors.
only rarely do neuroses leave a person unable to function in everyday situations.
great salt is fed by fresh-water stems, yet is about four to five times as salty as the ocean.
i would wear my red dress save it has a stain in the front.
m : " would you like to visit los angeles on your vacation? " w : " if i had a week off. "
gold was originally valued for the magical powers that were thought to come from it.
there are very few areas in the world where apricots can be brown successfully.
a majority off people in the united states can get all the calcium their bodies require from the food they eat.
of all the economically important plants, palms, have been the least studied .
about two thirds of the grants made by the ford foundation have been for the support of education.
except for the sun, all stars are too far from the earth for their distances to be conveniently measured in miles or kilometers.
john joseph pershing made full general in , the highest rank held by any american citizen since george washington.
returning to my room, i found my watch missing.
the photo periodic response of algae actually depends on the duration of darkness, but is not on the light..
a majority of people in the united states can get all the calcium their bodies require from the food they eat.
while usually thought to end in northern new mexico, the rocky mountains really extend southward to the frontier of mexico.
the influenza virus infects us again and again, no matter how many times we fight it off .
odd as it may sound, cameron had thought of both "the abyss" and "true lies" as love stories, but he know he'd failed to convey that.
his cynical and often savage vision of life and love has won him considerable critical acclaim.
during the flood of , the red cross, operating out of emergency headquarters in mississippi, set up temporary for the homeless.
emily dickinson's garden was a place from which she drew great inspiration of her poems.
by the ', mahalia jackson's powerful, joyous gospel music style had gained her an international reputation.
the gymnosperms were the first plants to be independent of water for reproductive purposes.
simple pressure gauges such as liquid-level manometers are too insensitive for use in vacuum works.
nestled along the shoreline of hudso bay are several recently settled lnuit communities are there
"what is the difference?" "this furniture is different from that"
unlike the budgets of some countries, that of the united states focuses chiefly on expenditure.
the canadian national railway was built to link
the government exploited their labor while denying them social equality
just as mental illness have less severe "shadow" versions, so does autism, a developmental disorder
the kentucky derby is run every may at churchill downs in louisville, kentucky.
the javelin used in competition must be between  and  centimeters in length
scientists stress that the overall warming trend of the last decade holds much more significance than any do single year's temperatures.
when simultaneously bursting impulses from many of the neurons in one part of the brain, an epileptic seizure occurs.
the human body has four jugular veins, it has two on each side of the neck.
aspiria is used counteracting a construction of the bleed vessels.
drying of meats and vegetables is no longer considered one of the ways are useful of preserving food.
the sea mammal meduoa is popularly called a jellyfish because it looks rather like jelly.
therapists are currently using mental imagery in the hope that it might prove helpfully in the treatment of cancer.
the employee lounge on the second floor is closed tor daily cleaning between 3:00 and 4:00 p.m.
julia angwin is an award-winning journalist at the wall street journal, where she writes about the convergence of technology and media.
you may continue to receive this error message until all the computers on your network have been repaired.
please, read the instruction manual carefully when using the washing machine tor the first time.
it is almost impossible both to find and to buy the first edition of the benny comic book.
wolf robotics can replace worn-out components to keep your existing equipment functioning at its peak performance.
weyburn inland terminal, the farmerowned and managed grain company, recently paid out its highest ever dividends to the shareholders.
woco will send employees to ireland to help design the plant and assist in establishing the production line.
breakfasts and evening dinners are included in your tour package, but lunches are not.
it is too heavy for mr. lim and ms. hwang to move the new office furniture by themselves .
our technical support will be available online throughout the day to aid our customers in using the t-learning software.
sky news has introduced many innovations in the broadcasting sector, for which it has received multiple awards over the past fifteen years.
for your health, if available, substitute olive oil for butter when baking, as up to 25% less fat is used when baking with olive oil.
all papers for this course must be written expressly for this course; students are not permitted to turn in work completed for any other class.
even though most conference attendees reserved the rooms in the hotel where the conference is held, some others planned to stay at a nearby hotel instead.
nintendo limited has announced to investors that it has completed the full acquisition of retro studios inc. for the sum of one million dollars.
if you usually have too many appointments, many web-based calendars can remind you when a scheduled event is about to happen.
the annual nca conference will be held at the newly renovated hilton wilmington hotel located in the heart of wilmington.
by implementing the methods outlined below you will increase your sales while lowering your overall marketing costs.
since , the funds have been distributed equally between mjf and the hen county bar foundation.
if you are interested in tomorrow's excursion to knott's berry farm, sign up at the reception desk by 1 o'clock this afternoon.
malaysia airlines is offering discounts of up to 60% on online bookings for one million domestic tickets from next month until july 31 next year.
most of the applicants for the marketing director position were so highly qualified that it has been hard to choose from them.
the colour, material and design of our jewelry products can be changed or tailor-made for clients upon request .
mr. colin johnston is a principal research scientist working on innovative techniques for the remediation of contaminated groundwater environments.
the cost of the convention covers all the materials provided and accommodations at the palace hotel.
we are unable to arrange appointments by email, so this can only be done via the telephone.
nearly half of the customers who responded to the survey said that austraclear delivered services that were above their expectations.
an order will be deemed accepted by sonicspider when written confirmation of the order is sent to the customer.
university of calgary recently had to increase fees for the first time in seven years because of deep state budget cuts, but financial aid has mitigated the impact of the increase for many students.
the tva upgrades are part of the extension of a 69,volt transmission line to provide additional electric power to all the cities in alberta.
the sun group achieved net earnings of $20 million tor the year in spite of high startup costs tor the new plant in belgium.
the loading dock entrance is accessible from the south town exposition center's parking lot and is located on the east side of the building.
due to an increase in rents in dubai, many people facing problems of high cost of living are moving to ajman where rents are comparatively affordable .
medical imaging technology has enormous potential to contribute to the improvement of health care throughout the world.
in case of bad weather conditions or any other unexpected circumstances, the concert hall will post cancellations on the website.
whether you're interested in the mcse, ciw, or the ccna, lasalle computer learning center otters the computer training that can help you reach your career goals.
according to top tour magazine's survey, jasper remains the top vacation destination tor canadian families with nearly 50 million visitors each year.
given that the city council has approved the urban renewal project, we need to recruit several new workers.
for recently hired engineers, the training course provides a chance to get a better understanding of their work as well as meet experienced engineers.
the new technology reduced the consumption of natural resources by a tremendous amount.
inspired by her father's presidential nomination acceptance speech when she was a child, irene decided to become a politician.
obi store will be the first local store to move in near the much larger target shopping center.
it is difficult to find a worker who can work evening and weekend shifts .
james martin developed his theory based on his thorough 15-year research.
although the descriptions sounded very complicated, the engineer had no problem using the equipment for the first time.
the company was able to recover dramatically from the past three months' losses because its new product dominated the market.
if your vehicle has to be repaired , please call our service department and we will provide the service you need immediately.
because its rival company has already developed its new technology successfully, it's nearly impossible for geller inc. to gain a larger market share.
because the board members all agreed to fire the ceo, mr. chen had to either resign himself or wait until he gets fired.
the insurance losses were deemed manageable because the company had done so well otherwise throughout the rest of the year.
since the company had so many unsold products from last year, they had to sell them at a hugely discounted rate.
in a free market economy, the price of goods is determined by supply and demand , which can sometimes get out of control and become the cause of an economic recession.
the steady pace of sales didn't last for a long time because the stock market suddenly crashed.
i figured that jaina, my boss, would assume that i was the one who messed up the project because jim blames all his mistakes on me.
it was a huge mistake for carter to open a dvd store right across from the city's largest movie theater.
the envelope that we are going to send you will enclose all the necessary documents that you'll need to fill out.
the korean economy has been largely affected by the number of exported goods because korea is an export-driven country.
the analyst deliberated on the feasibility of the new government funding policy with passion.
the restricted area is protected by high fences and military personnel 24 hours a day.
the two largest manufacturing corporations in this country have now become the largest producers in their industry worldwide.
when paul formally announced that the company is going to become a corporation, the entire family got mad at him for making such an important decision alone.
although our company has tried hard to recover from last month's loss, we were not able to reach the same number of sales as last month's.
when the two software companies gave a presentation, the partner company had to choose one or the other .
although the company made a considerably large profit, it was still not enough to even pay off their debts.
howard was looking forward to working with his new colleague, who has been considered a hard worker at the company.
david was reluctant to express his real feelings about the company because he didn't want to say anything negative about his superiors.
because of its proximity to both the capital city and the coast, lncheon was selected as the location for the international airport.
it is crucial for contractors to have good negotiating skills because they represent their clients' business.
matt managed to understand the presentation except for the part about how nanotechnology will affect the company in the long run. ii [!) .
the position of general manager requires persistence when faced with difficulties because they are considered leaders of the company.
there is a high demand for programmers who can come up with software that can secure more customers.
because the president didn't address the united states' position adequately , some middle eastern countries criticized the u.s for its unclear statement.
the ceo didn't expect that his actions would result in an increase in the company's stock value.
ken always acted adversely towards anything i did because both of us were trying to get promoted to the position of manager.
by donating substantial amounts of money to several orphanages, the chairman of bih inc. was able to give a positive impression of the company to the public.
even though the company paid extra wages for workers' overtime, the employees were still not content with the company's treatment.
because of its regular customers, the bason shop has withstood the harsh economic recession.
most ceos of large corporations agree that strong human resources are integral to the success of a company.
i had to notify our partner company in china three days prior to my departure because they had to find me somewhere to stay while there.
rather than the usual hosted dinner and drinks, we will be dining tonight at the mandarin garden at  shattuck ave, near the corner of elm street.
mcallister orchards promises its customers nutritious and wholesome grains, fruits, and vegetables at a low cost.
shareholders voted that deborah lasalle is ideally suited for the position of chief operating officer given her experience.
this plan outlines the topics i plan to discuss at this afternoon's staff meeting.
when looking into the projected draft for construction of a new shopping mall, the supervisor asked who was in charge of electrical engineering.
as the chief administrative officer, quincy paxton will face exciting challenges in this new job with laval international shipping company.
rei takahashi is one of the three people responsible for overseeing the research department at omi-tech solutions.
as the chief accountant, ms. dasgupta must regularly review and re-evaluate the company finances.
the ceo formally appointed james farley as vice president of arctic mining ventures co.
staff is reminded to treat new employees with courtesy so that a friendly and professional work environment can be maintained.
ms. quong is a promising bookkeeper at our firm, as she completes work assigned to her with precision and quickness.
lancaster productions recommends that all workers occasionally re-read their employee guideline booklets to help refresh their memories on company policies.
for those who are determined to attend the seminar, tickets are available at the human resources department.
new students at strafford college of computer science are advised to take a free students' guide booklet and review it thoroughly.
by hiring the british marketing agent arthur downshire, keene clothiers co. has gained an edge against its competition.
sutter hotel tours provides a weekend special which includes a guided tour around the gorgeous bay area of the resort and some scenic islands accessible only by ferry.
many locations in the city popular with tourists only accept credit cards.
the music area will be enlarged to include practice room with immediate adjacency to the stage.
spokesmen for newport properties praise the company about how wellmade their dwellings are.
the restaurants along upscale fulton avenue maintain a strict standard .
clayton books hired some extra staff since setting up the store's website, so online orders can be handled efficiently .
the lights turn on every day at 6 a.m. and off again at 1op.m. while employees are in the office.
the site for the public park will be between meriwether avenue and winchester drive, just north of keenan street.
because of the unseasonably warm weather, sweet indulgences ice cream shops opened two weeks ahead of schedule.
amateur theatrical performances by locals and some appearances by renowned poets were positively reviewed by journalists in the eberlein county daily.
employees who wish to enroll in the marketing seminar are urged to do so by this friday.
after ten years in operation , ravensdale fiduciary firm is expanding its factories to shanghai, hong kong, tokyo, seoul, and singapore.
this summer's lack of interesting events in the community caused a decline in tourism from other townships.
construction of the new shopping center should be complete by the end of the year as long as economic conditions are favorable .
although top entertainment venues enjoy using notable celebrities, local talents are also welcome to participate and gain experience.
the purchase of high-risk products should be accompanied by retaining relevant receipts while exiting the store.
all outgoing products must be properly registered before being shipped out the distribution center.
the survey indicates how much the average person within various income spends on specific goods and services.
remember that work-life balance issues can affect anyone in any stage of the life cycle.
when shipping, it is crucial to label chemical samples accordingly .
most of the information held on computers used by employees is the exclusive property of perelli solutions inc.
almost half of the existing employees at alabama factory have agreed to transfer to the newly built factory in ohio in july.
we are unable to meet the present demand because of inadequate plant capacity.
brackwell farms plans on implementing a natural monitoring system that checks for the acidity levels in the soil.
the greater an objects's mass, the more difficult it is to speed it up or slow it down .
the grape is the smooth-skinned , juicy fruit of a woody vine.
in the second half of the nineteenth century, textiles from the southwestern united state, particularly fabrics woven by the navajo people, began to be used as rugs .
during adolescence many young people begin to question the values held by their families.
in her writing, elimor wylie often dealt with her own personality as it was, rather than as others defined it .
congress chartered the first bank of the united states in  to engage in general commercial banking and to act as a fiscal agent of the federal government.
essentially, a theory is an abstract, symbolic representation of what is conceived to be reality.
the more arid the continent, the less the amount of annual precipitation that runs off .
he really deserved the award because he performed much better than was expected of him.
to take pride in what deserves boasting is one thing, and to take good care of it is quite another .
it would be difficult for a man of his political affiliation, however charming and capable, to become a senator from the south.
penicillin is perhaps the drug which has saved more lives than any other in the history of medicine.
a politician can make a legislative proposal more understandable by giving specific examples of what its effect will be.
before every presidential election in the united states, the statisticians try to guess the proportion of the population that will vote for each candidate.
the decimal numeral system is one of the world's most useful ways of expressing numbers.
nebraska has floods in some years, in others droughts .
in her writing, elinor wylie, often dealt with her own responsibility as it was, rater than as others defined it .
with such a short time left before the deadline, it doesn't seem likely that john will accomplish the job.
with the start for the penny papers in the 's, the number of people regularly reading a newspaper rose considerably.
at present production levels, known deposits of bauxite can provide the world with aluminum for hundreds of years.
au bones have an exterior layer, termed the cortex, that is smooth, dense, continuous, and of varying thickness .
coinciding with the development of jazz in new orleans in the 's was one of the greatest periods in blues music.
despite its wide range of styles and instrumentation, country music has certain common features that give it its own special character.
if the air is cool around stones that are sunwarmed, even the smallest of stones creates tiny currents of warm air.
"whenever i have to write a paper, i don't know where to begin." "i have the same problem, but once i start the paper seems to write itself."
this information has proved useful to a great many people.
the closer to one of the earth's poles, the greater the gravitational force.
the flamingo uses its bill when feeding to filter mud and water from the tiny plants and animals that it finds in shallow ponds.
the amount of lapsed time between the thunder and lightening can be used to determine how far away the thunder and lightening are .
the application of electronic controls made possible by the microprocessor and computer storage have multiplied the uses of the modern typewriter.
after the great blizzard of  in the northeastern united states, it took some people several days to shovel the snow away from their homes.
the production of tin ore in the united states is relatively insignificant, amount to less than one hundred tons annually.
a logarithm is what is knownalgebra as an exponent.
not only is human behavior studied in the field of psychology but animal behavior is examined as well.
farmers grow popcorn in much the same way that they grow field corn, except that the rows are planted closer together.
parsely, an herb that is often added to sauces and soups, is plentiful and relatively inexpensive.
the grapes of wrath, a novel about the depression years of the 's, is one of john steinbecks's most famous books.
a semiconductor is a substance that seldom conducts electricity, but can do so under certain circumstances.
among the giants of the sea is the tuna, which may weigh up to 1, pounds.
all living things consist of one of more units of living substance called protoplasm.
a newspaper's political cartoons serve as capsule versions of editorial opinion.
diamond is the hardest substance known, whereas graphite, another carbon allotrope, isone of the softest .
texas is the only state whose constitution permits it to be divided into smaller states.
until the ninth century, written words were not actually separated, but in some literary writing, dots or points were used to indicate divisions.
physicists sought ways by which one atom or molecule could stimulate many others to emit light, amplifying it to much higher powers.
an ideal is a standard by which people judge real phenomena.
founded around , the acoma pueblo is considered the oldest continuously occupiedsettlement in the united states.
jacobson is often referred to as the best engineer at the factory.
if you want to apply for this job, a form 57 must be completed.
the farmer uses wood to build a house in which to store grains.
the production of tim ore in the united states is relatively insignificant, amounting to less than one hundred tons annually.
a logarithm is what it is known in algebra as an exponent.
not only is human behavior studied in the field of psychology but animal behavior is examined as well.
every one of the boys who was here yesterday has a bicycle.
diamond is the hardest substance known, whereas graphite, another carbon allotrope, isone of the softest .
texas is the only state whose constitution permits it to be divided into smaller states.
until the ninth century, written words were not actually separated, but in some literary writing, dots or points were used to indicate divisions.
the production of tin ore in the united states is relatively insignificant, amount to less than one hundred tons annually.
a logarithm is what is known .algebra as an exponent.
not only is human behavior studied in the field of psychology but animal behavior is examined as well.
every one of the boys who were here yesterday has a bicycle.
farmers grow popcorn in much the same way that they grow field corn, except that the rows are planted closer together.
parsely, an herb that is often added to sauces and soups, is plentiful and relatively inexpensive.
the grapes of wrath, a novel about the depression years of the 's, is one of john steinback's most famous books.
a semiconductor is a substance that seldom conducts electricity, but can do so under certain circumstances.
among the giants of the sea is the tuna which may weigh up to 1, pounds.
all living things consist of one of more units of living substance called protoplasm.
a newspaper's political cartoons serve as capsule versions of editorial opinion.
tornadoes almost never occur west of the rocky mountains.
in the last one hundred years, the advent of the telephone, radio, and television has made rapid long-distance communication possible.
not every peal that is found is valuable
the clay burial vessels from the early hopewell culture of north america are decorated with zigzag, grooved, and geometric designs
rust not only corrodes the surface of metal, but also weakens it.
all marble is composed of crystals of the minerals calcite or dobmite, which, when pure, are perfectly white.
a body weighs less the farther it gets from the surface of the earth.
when a bacterium becomes to large, it splits on half and forms two new bacteria, each with its own cell wall and protoplasm.
the photographs of mars taken by satellite are much clearer than those taken from the earth.
our friends are expected to assume the burden of their own defense, which we are certain they are competent to do.
i have written about the change in the social system required to promote happiness.
it is believed that the formation of the sun, the planets, and other stars began with the condensation of an interstellar gas cloud.
the art students were enthralled by the sheer beauty of the portrait which hung before them.
where to find him and how to find him is not known to us.
after careful consideration and planning, he was determined to go ahead with the merger
what is known about emily dickinson's psychological and emotional well-being is inferred from her poems and letters.
much of the precipitation that falls on the earth is absorbed by plants
the pacific is the deepest ocean, with more bottom area at more profound depths than any other ocean.
multicolored woodcuts must be printed with as many blocks as there are colors in the composition.
that children should be interested in science was important for faraday.
despite recent attempts to prove that robert peary did indeed reach the north pole in , the evidence still remains questionable.
what makes the rye plantso incredible b that it can grow  miles of roots in four months, or about 3 miles in a day.
whether alexander the great was lowered to the sea bed in a glass container to make observation b debated.
although more than  minerals are known, nearly all rocks are formed from seven mineral groups.
to obtain energy for growth or repair, a plant must carry out photosynthesis
some visitors to dubrovnik feel that it is too crowded with tourists to be enjoyable during the summer.
the bicycles designed by andre lim are both easy to assemble and attractive to many young people.
before mr. kim joined our company as a sales analyst, he had worked in the sales sector for several years already.
our dedicated team has consistently produced high quality, innovative products since the company was established in .
the continuing spread of office automation has increased worker productivity , resulting in job consolidation and lower demand for accounting clerks.
teachers must be trained in the use of the  new technology so that their students can benefit.
award-winning maida stewart is one of the australian artists whose -- paintings are currently on display in the dots exhibition at pace gallery.
as an administrative assistant, you are responsible for ordering office supplies such as pens, papers, ink cartridges, and staplers.
you will report directly to the project manager and you will be responsible for overseeing the work of engineers and designers.
the event was well publicized and covered by numerous media including television stations and newspapers across the country.
all visitors to the main office are required to present their identification cards to the security guard when entering the building.
in , italian fashion designer valentino garavani announced his retirement after 45 years in the fashion business.
our monthly production capability is expected to grow significantly, owing to the expansion of our own factories in china.
coles online delivery is a new service enabling customers to order their groceries on the internet.
for your reference, we have enclosed a copy of the renewal notification which will be sent to subscribers.
the board of directors on december 20 approved the annual budget which won't be official until signed by president john wei.
although mega foods imports only one kind of cheese now, the company will be importing a total of five varieties by next year.
technological progress is making it possible to produce goods more efficiently with less labor input.
the university's career services center can assist students in finding part-time work and the jobs available are posted beside the entrance to the office.
after carefully reviewing a number of job applications, we are pleased to offer you the marketing director position.
you will be required to show valid identification prior to processing a refund request without a receipt.
if you are planning to install the machine by yourself, then we recommend that you visit one of our authorized dealers that can give you additional installation assistance.
in preparation for the quarterly sales meeting, please print out the latest sales figures for mr. cho and mail it to him .
with the signing of the enclosed contract, we would like to welcome you as a supplier to our company.
lawmakers must quickly find a way to cut another 11 million dollars from this year's budget to fix the error.
the super tip toothbrush was specially designed to remove bacterial plaque while effectively cleaning all surfaces of the teeth.
in order to reduce costs, busan consulting's economical use of office space and equipment has been adopted by many local businesses.
the manager has asked mr. lim to submit his final report on the sales of the new washing machine by april 30th.
the perfect pet parlor is a chain of stores selling a large selection of pet food and pet accessories at a reasonable price with excellent sales support.
since mr. kane is on vacation until next week, all product inquiries should be made to mr. park in the customer service department.
no direct flights are available from atlanta to calgary international airport, although major airlines offer good connections through chicago, denver or houston.
thanks to careful planning , the installation of the new equipment did not disrupt or affect the plant's activities.
the members meet once a week to discuss the next steps to be taken in achieving their objective.
anyone who has questions regarding the hospital bill, pricing information or insurance coverage can contact our customer service representative.
the display is for paper size selection, and shows the paper sizes that are currently loaded in the copier.
snacks and soft drinks will be served, but participants can bring whatever they like on the hiking trip.
current uniforms must always be worn while on duty and should be kept well maintained.
only full-time employees and their family members are entitled to use the company facilities such as the company gymnasium for free.
as a local business association member, you may advertise on our website free of charge, for employment, or items for sale.
the new sm-8 model is perfectly suited for transporting four adults; however, like most sedans, the rear seat is a bit narrow for three adults.
the invoice that was received two days ago is inaccurate and a new one must be requested.
unless specified otherwise , contractors will be responsible for obtaining all necessary safety certification and permits applicable to their scope of work.
any concerns regarding your natural gas appliances should be directed to the manufacturer-retailer from which you purchased the natural gas appliance.
the use of the brightest possible lighting in the laboratory has been beneficial to the research conducted by the botanists employed there.
either mr. fowler or ms. bloch will have to travel to london for the symposium on textile manufacturing.
andrew hartwell is highly regarded by his employees because of his dedication and experience.
all future team meetings will be held in room  at noon on the first wednesday of every month.
in a television interview, the traxton ltd. ceo said that details of the merger with bell corporation would be announced soon.
ms. fenwick not only composed the report but produced the visual aids which were so useful during the meeting.
the decline in sales was probably due to the lack of innovation in the ideas of the marketing team.
the webpage for each course must be ready before the students start their classes on january 7th.
once you have detected a fatal virus on your computer, common sense indicates that you should have your hard drive reformatted by skilled professionals.
rosewater medical center employs healthcare professionals affiliated with huron university.
mr. lloyd has approved a proposal for the construction of a new research facility on the other side of the city.
all members of the staff will be rewarded with a bonus and two extra vacation days.
following the bankruptcy of transcontinental airlines, other airlines have noticed an increased use of connecting flights.
ms. crowe's replacement for the position of treasurer will be announced later this month.
the chemistry lab managers are concerned that new employees have not been trained adequately in the latest emergency procedures.
perry and monroe inc. is one of the leading companies in the field of environmentally-friendly household appliances.
after twenty-three years of service , jeffrey bartlett is retiring from his position as chief accounting officer.
our marketing teams attend conferences regularly to learn new methods and strategies in their field.
because of their size, few of our plumbing fixtures are suitable for indoor use.
the journal is published every four months, and officially available to other member societies under agreement of payment and publication.
when oil spills do occur as a result of accidents, a single incident has the potential to affect very large areas of sea and lengths of coast.
arcadia homes is known for its commitment to provide customers with quality furniture at competitive prices.
much of this year's profits will be used for renovation of the textile plant.
everett-buchanan industries' research project on the newest drug to combat stomach infections recently received a grant from the national gastrointestinal medical research foundation.
the main artists whose paintings are being sold at the garrett gallery are elaine crick, jason chambers and sylvia webb.
the overall satisfaction of participants with the workshop is often based on seemingly unimportant details such as the ability to park close to the training facility.
because of the increase in tourism during the winter months, the ebony palms hotel and resort plans to recruit additional staff for the next three months.
employees who meet their quotas by the last week of the month can expect bonuses.
even though construction was interrupted by unexpected electrical storms, the new office building was still finished in a timely manner.
the research teams of tyrell telecommunications inc. possess extensive knowledge of many of the products put forth by the competition.
innovations in the electronic equipment used in hospitals have enabled doctors to diagnose illnesses and disorders more quickly and more accurately.
mr. corbett mentioned at last week's meeting the difference in finances this year compared to the comparable quarter last year.
since research has shown shifting trends in fashion, the marketing team is looking at new approaches in advertising.
berwick energy corp. seeks to rely on specialists in the fields with which the company is most concerned.
as a protective measure, cordell financial fund does not disclose information about its clients unless legally mandated to do so.
since the connection between some new advances in technology and efficiency is tenuous, a little more research is requested.
when you catch a cold, be sure to eat plenty of kiwis and oranges, as they are both known to be abundant in vitamin c.
the board of directors' meeting was originally scheduled for september 4, but due to an unexpected visit from an important guest, it was postponed.
our store accepts not only major credit cards and checks but also online payments via our website.
dr. longman will be on a business trip to an academic seminar until next thursday.
nelly graham is a qualified nurse who specializes in prenatal care.
fiscal matters should only be handled by the accounting department.
the local labor office approved of our improved working safety standards.
for the past three years, the greys have been donating regularly to charities.
having accumulated many prestigious awards in numerous debate contests, jenny is clearly a skilled debater.
the province has permitted the construction of a new underground railway for people commuting to the downtown area.
we are sorry to inform our customers that because of an unexpected rainstorm, there will be at least five days' delays in our shipments.
because mr. jackson's secretary was on sick leave, he had to schedule every meeting himself .
the alabama factory has become old and outdated, so management decided to modernize the facility .
employees are required to submit a newly issued medical examination report to renew their employment insurance.
katherine had to leave work earlier than usual because her plans suddenly changed.
please remember to record the measurements accurately to ensure perfect tailoring.
all members should report to the club president upon receiving their respective registration number to be recognized as a full member.
our company is currently recruiting interns interested in marketing pharmaceutical products.
brown bakery aims to achieve at least a 30% increase in its sales profit with the launch of a new product.
ms. mills was somewhat frustrated to hear that her stocks had fallen significantly.
those who have exceeded their personal sales records this quarter will be given a bonus.
wellington beer's promotional event will focus specifically on its award-winning brewing methods.
hollycrest middle school is rewarding josephine avery at the graduation ceremony for her efforts in helping improve the environment.
of all fifteen overseas branches belonging to summerton automobiles, the one in india is doing best in terms of production.
the results of a comprehensive medical examination on the subjects of experiment  were included in the package sent to dr. dalton.
regular check-ups, if conducted by a qualified dentist, will ensure good oral hygiene.
the department of treasury thinks it necessary to closely inspect the financial reports of banks to prevent further deterioration of the economy.
the automated quality assurance system at herrick printers screens out defective products in its manufacturing process to ensure  customer satisfaction.
antrix cosmetics has announced that it will merge with europe's largest cosmetic firm, beau & chic, which will change both companies' marketing strategies.
viva la diva was voted the most popular perfume by teenagers in a recent survey conducted by galaxy publishers.
aetna news agency will hold a charity ball to raise funds for its ongoing "save the children" campaign.
in addition to providing home care service to the physically handicapped, the local public health center holds annual campaigns on raising public awareness on the rights of the disabled.
regulations at j&p computers stipulate that all employees put documents related to product prototypes into paper shredders to ensure the confidentiality of products in development.
the traffic policy formulated by the city council to relieve traffic jams in the commercial district will be implemented as planned next month.
whether senator levin will join the newly formed political party or not is a hot topic enthusiastically debated among politicians.
upon requesting a credit score, your results will be forwarded to the institutions you have selected as recipients.
according to a report published by the province, 3% of businesses are suffering from severe financial difficulties.
personal medical records are securely protected and accessible only to individuals with matching identification.
employees at karma airlines went on an all-out strike when they were notified of impending layoffs.
the organizing committee of this year's conference is examining the feasibility of renting a large-sized sports arena.
to fulfill our customers' needs and to increase our product quality we've bought a new cutting device.
the cbc has new guidelines that require each employee to get a supervisor's permission before ordering any office supplies.
as the largest dealer in the state, auto fair maintains an impressive inventory of new vehicles for immediate delivery.
ami natashi not only remained but received a promotion just two weeks after the company reduced its staff by 10 percent.
the boarding pass is available from either the check-in counter or the selfservice machines.
in addition, the branch offices in washington and atlanta welcomed new interns last week.
unilever inc. has announced a new strategy that places greater emphasis on customer satisfaction and product quality.
be sure to read and follow all the instructions contained in the manual and keep it in a safe place for future reference.
from winning an olympic gold medal in  to becoming an nba champion in , kevin garnett has shown himself to be one of the most talented players.
mr. ken, your customer service representative was very helpful in getting the best price for shipping my packages to europe.
after 50 years in business, quick star shipping still tries to provide on-time delivery service, which its customers can rely on.
as the holiday shopping season approaches, police ask shoppers to avoid leaving valuable items in vehicles.
dsc believes that we have a responsibility to our customers, to the communities where we work and where we do business.
the new turbines of ge energy are scheduled to be set up and commissioned between april and december next year.
this section of the handbook explains what you should do if there is an emergency with your water, gas or electricity supply.
to be considered for the position of marketing director, applicants must be creative and dynamic with a university degree in marketing or a related field.
samsun electronics has plans to launch 10 mobile phones in , confirming its plans to expand in the european market more aggressively.
the coffee mugs given as gifts for those who donated $ or more to the winter fundraising drive will be shipped early next week or perhaps sooner .
this booklet introduces you to a compact digital slr camera, which is ideal for beginning photographers and amateurs.
the bridge cinema de lux has ushers who will escort patrons to their seats if necessary.
efforts to sell government-owned corporations have been moderately successful so far, and the privatization effort is moving ahead.
there are many small indian companies, with potential, which are eager to form partnerships with u.s. firms to jointly develop advanced technologies.
it is vital that each department work closely with the mis department, which coordinates all corporate data.
the fda reviews the preclinical research data and then makes a decision as to whether to allow the clinical trials to proceed.
the silo house restaurant will also be open this weekend, but anyone wanting to eat there should make reservations to ensure a seat.
residents of the city have access to the nearby mountains, creeks and beaches, as well as a wide range of educational and cultural facilities.
if, for any reason, you are not going to make your scheduled travel plans, please call us at .
wherever possible, avoid taking sleeping pills, which must only be used in particularly stressful situations or in connection with psychological or physical illnesses.
because of his outstanding work, mr. tianfu yang has been highly recommended for the position of marketing director by the board of directors.
mr. lim, the head of the union, was sent a letter last week that stated his contract with the company was terminated.
because of the impending storm, the second meeting of the christopher dawson society will be postponed until next tuesday.
the area surrounding the lachine canal in montreal has the highest concentration of industrial buildings in the country.
at the time the pinquip company was founded, many political changes were taking place in the philippines.
we ordered the new office equipment on tuesday, but it was not delivered until the following saturday.
if you would like to see how our products are made, we are happy to show you around our factory.
unlike other equipment manufacturers, orange line provides unparalleled service and support through our teams who provide quick response services and repairs.
after all entries have been submitted, a panel of independent judges will choose the winning slogan based on originality.
the seminar was especially useful for newly-appointed managers since it provided a number of essential guidelines and strategies.
mr. sasaki in the personnel department has advised employees to become more familiar with company safety regulations.
the system is currently under redevelopment and will be unavailable for the next few weeks.
the train bound for crawford will be suspended for three days to complete minor construction on its rails.
rosebush stationery announced yesterday that it is anticipating at least a twenty percent growth in revenue with the launch of a new product line related to printing.
the data mr. warren requested can be found at the deleon research institute.
denver is a famous tourist destination and renowned for its cuisine and attractive scenery.
all students are encouraged to attend the halloween dance organized by the student council.
employees at alembic broadcasting regularly donate to local charities by hosting fundraising parties.
you are to submit both your medical records and registration form to the administrative office.
the cahoon daily is as widely read as the cahoon gazette in new jersey.
blanchard's cars are popular among young people for their unique design.
boyden investment's marketing director entrusted some of his employees with the task of surveying potential clients.
when the alarm rings in the hallway during a fire drill, everyone must evacuate according to the guidelines previously instructed.
consumers should check the specific instructions printed on the product before using it.
the bank of gough expects that house prices will decrease with the increased supply of apartments.
printers & technology collects and publishes information on the latest printing equipment from companies across north america.
the organizing committee decided to allocate specific tasks to members to achieve its goals more effectively .
all employees must keep a/an record of expenses made on business trips and report them back to the administration section.
because this year's prize money is larger than that of last year's, the contest has become more competitive .
the tourist information center helps travelers easily locate famous landmarks.
the new medicine developed by crawson is the product of accumulated experience and hard work.
because of the decrepit facilities, tarara's factories frequently experience blackouts.
for optimal results, please be sure to follow the instructions written on the back of the product.
mansfield art gallery is hosting a special exhibition dedicated to the late craig perkins, who painted with great precision and vivid colors.
the police performed a thorough examination, as the suspect's alibi was highly suspect.
students who submit field trip permission forms without a parent or guardian's signature will be excluded for the trip.
the personnel department is currently considering three people from the marketing team for advancement to managerial positions.
the initial findings from the experiment seemed to confirm the hypothesis that the drug was effective, but later results proved otherwise.
the new president of wiota computers is employing much bolder approaches to forming strategic partnerships with other companies than her predecessor.
all employees are encouraged to notify the personnel department if they feel that they have been discriminated against by anyone else.
installing this software on your computer will allow you to operate other computers by remote control.
please be reminded that you need to save important files in your individual folder before exiting the office.
an accurate analysis of surveys is imperative to building a good understanding of customer needs.
weidman real estate has recently completed an extensively detailed report on housing trends over the last ten years.
the herrick community library decided to open a computer lab for public use in honor of christina eaton, who has served as a librarian there for more than 50 years.
some artifacts excavated in asia are known to have been invented several hundred years ahead of similar ones in the west.
many people answered that they were unfamiliar with the use of electronic books on their questionnaires.
longwood travel agency is offering a special tour package filled with hiking courses in the northern area of winn national park for enthusiasts of hiking.
mr. homes suggested that we request reference letters from applicants being considered for the new position.
in order to increase the productivity of the winnipeg factory, management decided to implement a new manufacturing process.
summerton computers exceeded their sales quota this quarter, whereas denver electronics' sales profit dropped by more than 15 percent.
many economic studies predicted that a robust market will appear for environmentallyfriendly products within the next 10 years.
we seek to hire employees who either have experience in the field or have completed an hvac training course at an approved institution.
the drive to lower costs and increase productivity on production lines is universal throughout the automotive industry.
hyde paints claims that with their new roller you will be able to spread paint more evenly , paint faster, and work more effectively.
until mr. mato and mrs. kaori moved to the newly renovated offices on the second floor, both of them used temporary office space.
ms. linda is scheduled to replace mr. kay as factory manager at the end of the year.
all rooms at the hotel have been designed in a classical style that is both elegant and comfortable.
the instructor was pleased to receive a positive response from the participants at the end of the course when they were asked their opinions of the overall quality and structure of the training.
one of the responsibilities of the parking division of the transportation department is to enforce the state and municipal parking regulations.
after the company implemented the cleanup of the polluted river, the city government decided that no further penalty was necessary.
aas executive transportation is a premier limousine company serving the houston metropolitan area.
. the successful candidate will be able to work effectively on their own and as part of a team.
for the agreement to be valid , it is necessary to have a written document which explicitly lays down the terms.
alabama's death rate from all alcoholrelated causes has increased noticeably since  and is now 23 percent higher than the u.s. average rate.
since he joined our company in , mr. ogawa has proven himself to be a very valuable employee.
dr. takahashi is also an active researcher who integrates the latest advances into his patients' treatments.
in , mr. haist and ms. white dissolved their partnership by mutual consent and ms. white became a sole owner.
please submit the proposal according to the instructions provided and make sure it is delivered before the submission deadline.
as a leader in the area of computer security, ibm has made security standards the highest priority since its inception.
normally a person will regain consciousness between four and five days after a car accident.
healthy workplace club would like to invite all employees, along with their families, to participate in the event this june.
since the copy shop is located in the office building, it attracts many office workers.
in accordance with the municipal act, two members of the city council are appointed on a rotating basis for a oneyear term.
sending a letter of apology promptly after a customer complaint is a highly recommended practice.
the korean association of the auto industry, also known as kaai, publishes a quarterly technical magazine.
if you have any questions about the regulations for filing taxes with the federal government, please contact your accountant first.
all sales reports for the current year must be submitted by january 31 of the following year.
mr. zhou is our general engineer who is responsible for increasing productivity of the factory, developing new products and solving the problems occurring during production.
most students have logged in to check their grades immediately via the website instead of waiting for written notification.
please accept our sincere apologies for the recent disruption in telecom services in some parts of the country.
in addition, drs has been redesigning its website to make it more consumerfriendly and useful.
elizabeth farnsworth will lead a discussion with a diverse group of voters in denver on their views of the upcoming presidential election.
natural resources canada provides a comprehensive list of vehicles ranked according to their fuel efficiency.
we have absolute confidence in the product's ability to provide unrivaled protection in an exposed blast environment.
although a number of studies have been conducted to examine the effectiveness of the anti drink-driving campaign, no consistent conclusion could be drawn.
please let our sales representative know whether you would prefer to receive your order by mail or courier if you need to get it earlier.
under founder and chief executive officer chip mason, legg mason has acquired many successful fund management firms and usually operates them independently.
flat-panel lcd and plasma tvs have been highly reliable products that require few repairs during the first three years.
the details of the project will be made public as soon as the final version has been agreed upon by the board.
all chocolate-covered apples are individually wrapped and the entire gift basket is wrapped in a cellophane bag to ensure freshness during shipping.
thanks to the widespread advances in production techniques, it has been possible for our plant in china to produce more durable trucks.
departmental restructuring will be discussed at the next monthly meeting.
to keep our park beautiful, please place your nonrecyclables in the available trash cans.
mr. hardin requested additional images of the office building he is interested in leasing.
a team of agricultural experts will be brought together to try to improve crop harvests.
the board of galaxipharm named mr. kwon's successor at yesterday's meeting.
if your parking permit is damaged, bring it to the entrance station for a replacement .
mr. ahmad decided to reserve a private room for the awards dinner in case the restaurant was noisy.
ms. jones has provided a conservative estimate of the costs of expanding distribution statewide.
each quarter, acaba exports sets realistic sales goals for its staff.
ms. garcia was delighted to receive notification that her company soon will be featured in the in town times magazine.
children under five years of age are eligible for free vision tests.
drivers on the parian expressway are reminded to drive cautiously throughout july because of the ongoing construction work.
the committee will resume its weekly meetings once ms. cheon returns from scotland on september 17.
the proposed initiative aims to provide public transportation for commuters living in the outer suburbs.
yesterday's storm temporarily interrupted the services of the duddula, inc., satellite communications system.
even though cabrera pictures and marcella images make very different films, both are successful movie studios.
delegation of tasks can make a manager's job easier and help other employees learn new skills.
proceeds from the sale of delcrest corporation were equally divided among the founder's three daughters.
despite higher than average ticket prices, every performance of aiden north's new play is sold out for the next six months.
ricardo sosa, the executive chef at restaurant ninal, responds to guests' suggestions respectfully .
mr. koster is negotiating the scope of the new contract with arban, inc.
the equipment-use guidelines can be found on our internal corporate web site.
professor han created spreadsheets to calculate the farm's irrigation needs precisely .
for hiring purposes, five years of professional experience is equivalent to having achieved certification.
south regent aviation is adopting measures to reduce fuel expenses by lightening cargo loads.
perhaps the most challenging aspect of accepting a new position is negotiating a salary that is both fair and satisfying.
complaints about its new line of kitchen appliances led loxevo, inc., to adopt higher standards for assessing quality.
the chief engineer noted that constructing another bridge would be more economical than repairing the existing structure.
jansen bus company drivers are expected to complete regular trainings in addition to maintaining their state licenses.
ms. desoto had urged all employees to come to last week's budget meeting even though only officers were obligated to attend.
the new interns have been very mindful of our parking regulations.
to help the arts center improve its programming, please indicate which aspect of the workshop was most informative .
mr. gupta explained the of benefits the upgraded customer database to the sales team.
buses leaving the city terminal were delayed due to icy conditions on the roads.
if you have recently purchased a digital camera and want to learn how to use it, this course is for you.
the upcoming renovation of tantino airport will ease congestion and modernize guest accommodations.
the study showed that customers aged 35 to 44 paid with a sonoka credit card more frequently than customers in any other age-group.
you need to submit a business plan before your loan application can be processed.
the hotel's complimentary shuttle bus will take guests to hong kong's major landmarks.
after months of work to sell the apton building, the realtor finally succeeded last week.
we will review all four custodial-service bids and choose one that suits our needs.
the client asked for revisions to the images in the advertising text.
please be advised that we have had to cancel your order because of a difficulty with our shipping agent.
tin creek corporation claims that its paper towels are the most absorbent on the market.
kcln associates will enter into a business agreement with the contractor as soon as some of the terms are renegotiated.
although registering for online banking is not required, we strongly recommend it to all of our customers.
viewers can easily relate to the main character in the popular television series autumn mystery.
fairlawn medical clinic offers a full range of services as part of its community wellness programs.
the rear entrance to rc bank will be closed for repairs and not accessible next monday.
mr. carson wants to see carson audio products everywhere , even in remote regions of the world.
we can buy office equipment such as desks and printers from any of our company's approved vendors.
when taking a book order, agents must record the customer's name and the listed price of each item.
the building will be furnished once the supervisors do their inspection.
in a strong display of confidence, the firm's board of directors unanimously approved the merger.
when recently polled , residents of mill creek park said that street disrepair is the issue that concerns them most.
ms. rivera agreed to work on the holiday so that mr. grant could attend the conference.
the clerk collects packages from each department twice a day and takes them to the mail room downstairs .
please inform ms. erwin of any complaints beyond those already discussed in today's meeting.
the tonsin writers league is a reputable organization with highly accomplished members.
as mr. nakata's assistant, ms. bain is in charge of briefing him on the latest financial news.
the event planner determined that tuesday's forum will require additional chairs.
ms. hu will check the storage closet before she orders more office supplies.
all sales staff are asked to acknowledge their participation in monday's workshop.
the commercial for zhou's caf was easily sunn agency's best advertisement of the year.
use coupon code save20 to purchase any perfume or cologne for 20 percent off.
talk-talk cell phone company will soon be merging with its main competitor .
ms. ellis designed one of the most creative marketing campaigns the department had seen.
last month we received numerous positive comments from customers on our blog.
beginning on august 1, patients will be asked to complete a short survey after each visit.
viewing the beautiful landscape outside her door continually inspires elia colao to paint.
although the parts are made in china, the assembly of jamy bicycles is done in canada.
many businesses promote carpooling to prevent traffic congestion.
until the repairs are complete, only essential personnel are allowed in the building.
we apologize for having used the wrong colors on the slarott architecture brochures and will deliver replacements on friday.
employees must store all tools properly at the end of the shift.
an application to renovate the old factory was submitted to the city council.
customers who wish to return a defective item may do so within twenty days of the date of purchase.
the golubovich house will be open for a special living-history program on sunday.
mr. wijaya is reviewing the resumes to select the candidate best qualified for the position.
laura gless promotes faculty-led study programs in destinations such as france and italy.
mr. stafford e-mailed the clients to ask whether there is a train station near their office.
last year, the city issued nearly  building permits to small-business owners.
local merchants are hopeful that if this new business succeeds, theirs will also benefit.
following the retirement of mr. whalen, the company treated a search for a new ceo.
ms. travaglini filed the paperwork with the facilities department through a week ago.
after the lease is expiring , customers have the option of purchasing the car or returning it to their local dealer.
the jones news hour is broadcast mutually on radio and television.
ms. choi would have been at the keynote address if her train had arrived on time.
your account will be credited after we receive the returned merchandise.
late entries for the cake decoration contest will not be accepted .
the newspaper has seen an increase in the number of subscribers who read the online version.
every attorney at the firm of duncan and hulce has practiced law for more than ten years.
prethart tool company has created a more powerful drill than its previous models.
to find out if an item on this web site is in stock, simply highlight the item and click the check on it button.
mr. jones will assist ms. cheng's clients while she is on a business trip to hong kong.
the jossty company offers insurance policies to renters at the lowest rates available .
as soon as the editorial department receives the author's final approval, the manuscript should be sent to the printer.
sidewalks in the town of newburgh are generally one meter wide.
the housing authority has formed a committee to look for new construction locations.
a recent study has found that those who regularly read food labels tend to be healthier.
if you are not satisfied with your electoshine toothbrush, you may return it for a full refund.
dg feed supply has shown strong growth heading into the end of the fiscal year.
book fair volunteers may be asked to work longer shifts if the need arises .
on tuesday, mr. molina will visit the seoul office for the first time since becoming vice-president of operations.
attendees said the fireworks were the most impressive part of the festival.
the interview panel felt that dinah ong's education fit the job description of junior accountant perfectly .
the new software makes it possible to track purchases reliably at multiple points-of-sale.
over the next few months, camion vehicles will add more features to its sedans.
altona printing is expecting a considerable upturn in holiday card orders in the next few weeks.
by creating innovative packaging designs , ek2 beverages hopes consumers will reuse their water bottles.
throughout her tenure at lpid systems, ms. patterson has excelled at defining complex concepts in simple terms.
winslet food service has promised to expand the cafeteria's menu offerings.
depending on the results of the customer survey, we may consider extending the store's evening hours until 9 p.m.
yerrow cameras' lenses have a long telephoto reach yet an exceptionally lightweight casing.
after postponing her studies for many years, ms. ruiz eventually earned a degree in law.
a favorable report on the profitability of seesom eyewear convinced the partners to invest in the company.
in monday's meeting, mr. ito emphasized the need to hire enough workers for the peak season.
pugh tower won the best new building award for its creative incorporation of sustainable materials.
the custodial staff requests that we clean our dishes before leaving the kitchen.
if customers lose their original warranty certificate , they can download a new one from the web site.
our portview branch is located in the central business district, between burnside avenue and everett street.
none of the employees knew that mr. annan planned to retire at the end of the year.
apply to joneston stores today so as not to miss your chance to join a great sales team.
employees are eligible to receive a higher salary if they complete a special marketing course.
keeping the deal, jan butler's latest volume on management style, is her most commercially successful book to date.
present this postcard to a sales associate at any of our stores and receive a 5.00 gift card.
lakeside shopping center has undergone multiple renovations in the last decade.
there is a mandatory meeting today for everyone involved in managing or recruiting volunteers .
the smeeville bus system will accept only rove fare cards from may 1 onward.
relocating for work is understandably a difficult decision, but it can be rewarding.
last week parmax corporation settled a disagreement with its main competitor concerning.patent infringement. .
khoury dairy's upgraded milk-bottling system has consistently increased productivity in the tallahassee plant.
the rinka  blender has not received a single complaint in the new products web forum.
after raising $45 million last year, yamamoto technologies is now among seattle's best-funded companies.
deangelo's delights was so popular that the owner opened two additional bakeries.
chef octavia farina took over fratelli's restaurant after the previous chef left to open a new restaurant.
the director of wingstom foods commended ms. weiss for increasing production in the bakery division.
greg owens, founder of multi-national hermes taxi service, used to drive a taxi himself .
starlight theaters is proud to announce record earnings for the third quarter, far exceeding expectations .
employees can attend one of the many workshops offered, whichever seems most interesting.
given her strong negotiation skills, marie russel was made sanwa, inc.'s lead sales contact.
a locked suggestion box will allow employees to submit feedback to management anonymously .
a new strategy is under development to market our products more aggressively overseas.
commenting on the city's ongoing revitalization project, mayor owen promised that residents would be pleased with the results.
unfortunately , repairs to the plumbing pipes in the moffett building will be costly.
the ceo's speech will be recorded in its entirety and made available to employees who could not attend the meeting.
trails on the southeast side of the mountain are often closed unexpectedly because storms tend to occur without warning.
please submit your hours as well as any work-related expense reports by friday.
while the director of communications is away, all e-mails and calls will be forwarded to her assistant.
mr. srour's flight arrived too late for him to attend the reception.
mr. wagner will arrange the schedule of events for the opening of the flagship store.
after the final award had been presented, ms. ryu acknowledged the support of the event's sponsors.
chunto consultancy service recommended a successful way of balancing the annual budget.
press lightly on the pedal with your left foot to release the vehicle's parking brake.
to visit hikers are invited the information center for trail maps of far valley park.
danton estate brokerage offers an online educational program to help inexperienced home buyers choose a property.
lolana dance troupe stands out because the group knows how to integrate a variety of dance styles.
the lafayette hill public library requires that the use of mobile phones be restricted to the conversation rooms.
major airlines have increasingly been using self-serve ticketing systems to reduce wait times.
a book of songs written by pakistani singer ayesha saad was sold at auction yesterday for an undisclosed amount.
there is nothing more important to maintaining dental health than brushing your teeth twice a day.
taste tests suggest that most people find dairysmooth's red-bean-flavored ice cream very appetizing.
regardless of whether a candidate is offered a job, all applications are kept on file for six months.
according to the nye research center, performing assigned duties for 30 minutes while standing increases productivity.
this booklet is intended to inform drivers of restrictions on bridge travel for oversized vehicles.
customers can now enjoy exceptional food seven days a week at the recently renovated novani grill.
no one at the anshelt corporation campaigned more energetically for expansion of the internship program than melody ahn.
monday's workshop will help restaurant owners evaluate their ability to effectively recruit, train, and retain staff.
the digital advertising campaign has generated substantial interest in the clothing line.
the seminar leader stated that addressing customer concerns consistently was one crucial element for financial success.
although the desk was slightly damaged during assembly, it is still functional .
despite its discounts for new customers, teratran phone's service plans are considered inferior by many.
now that ms. nakamura has transferred to the london headquarters, a new manager is running our tokyo office.
even though the kitchen cabinets arrived late, the contractor installed them without putting the job behind schedule.
the proposal for the seascape project will be ready tomorrow as long as we receive the budget analysis today.
the ortimate 3 home theater system is hyong electronics' most reasonably priced configuration.
the oakwood restaurant has been offering a special dinner menu on saturdays for the past decade.
mr. de tonnancour has a speaking engagement on tuesday, november 15.
mr. guo consulted with an electrician yesterday about the rewiring project.
ms. lan le will complete her internship at the george cake shop next week.
every thursday the lifelong reading club meets to discuss novels written by local authors.
skymills insurance quickly grew from a small business to a midsize company with  employees.
local shop owners are invited to the opening of clyde bank's downtown branch.
all e-mail messages regarding legal issues should be stored in a separate folder.
hiring an assistant for ms. tsai must be our top priority, as her workload has increased.
the original ladoff building was constructed in  and stood two stories tall.
if you have questions about your most recent credit card statement, call mr. hassan.
the rinzlite dishwasher was ranked higher than all other dishwashers in its class.
so far, the grantley store has sold 20 percent more mobile phones than it did last year.
in the event of a power failure, unplug computers until power is fully restored.
although mr. akiyama retired last year, he still visits the office each week.
at the panel discussion, ms. yang made a convincing argument for environmentally responsible business practices.
the hokodo orchestra will hold auditions for new string musicians next tuesday.
although the team members themselves were not available after the game, the coach was happy to be interviewed.
ms. schwimmer's application was not completely reviewed until november 5.
managers are encouraged to give their staff constructive feedback during the annual performance-review meetings.
deckermark enterprises offers employees flexible scheduling and telecommuting options .
ms. summer can estimate the cost for the land-clearing project in fosterville, even before the details are finalized.
the company's transition from paper paychecks to electronic paychecks was impressively smooth.
all temporary workers should contact ms. fierro to obtain an identification badge.
we will pay your insurance claim once we receive the official damage report.
neither of the politicians in the debate was willing to take a stand on the riverfront development controversy.
with the additional funding, central city medical school expects to double the size of its research team.
the clients have indicated that a reception area of 60 square meters will be sufficient in the new building.
ms. lau would like to know why mr. cole called the main office yesterday.
koffler law hired more paralegals in order to meet its commitment to clients.
the newest edition of the biltmire road atlas has plastic-coated pages for extra durability
job seekers should prepare a list of professional references prior to applying for positions.
kanelek limited and evensohn llc have entered a strategic partnership to increase their market share.
glenwick organic farm stands out from other farms for its environmentally friendly practices.
our division is responsible for performing quality-control reviews during production.
because of a mechanical failure in the production facility, fizzy bottlers will be closed until further notice.
interviewees are asked not to talk among themselves while waiting in the reception area.
the accounting department reminds all staff to submit expense reports soon after returning from a trip.
olayinka boutique occasionally hosts special shopping events for members of its loyalty club.
for homeowners seeking to reduce their electricity bills, the energy-saving ideas in this brochure should be helpful .
the delmar highway department maintains an online list of current road closures.
rather than reducing staff, management made the decision to decrease administrative bonuses.
the doorways, which arch so gracefully , were left intact during the renovation of the historic dersten building.
ms. maeda was flattered that her art submission was used on the cover of the firm's annual report.
the primary concern is whether the cost of the car repair is reasonable considering the amount of labor involved.
norvo financial has built an impressive client base in a short period of time.
we require all employees to wear formal business attire when meeting with clients in the office.
neither ms. chang nor mr. kao received the e-mail outlining the project proposal.
in case of inclement weather, employees are encouraged to work remotely rather than travel to the office.
long-term maintenance fees vary according to the type of industrial printing machine purchased.
ms. kwon made it absolutely clear that hiring decisions require her approval.
sookie choi's latest children's book is being illustrated by chung-he park.
the stoneport gallery is hosting a reception next week to showcase the works of sculptor fabrice pepin.
mr. soto will run 5 kilometers every other day in order to train for the leesburg corporate challenge half marathon.
all employees are expected to behave responsibly when they are traveling on company business.
because he is now retired, mr. matilia is able to pursue his hobby of woodworking.
applicants for press coverage of the music festival will receive official responses by june 30.
all employees should back up crucial data before switching over to the new software system on august 5.
a label on each box should indicate the production date as well as the place of origin of the contents.
ms. jha assured the client that she would deliver the contract that afternoon.
during negotiations, management appeared agreeable to the idea of increasing the staff's wages.
employees across several departments have been encouraged to minimize costs.